Yucaipa bought Dominick 's in 1995 for $ 693 million and sold it to Safeway for $ 1.8 billion in 1998 .
Tab shares jumped 20 cents , or 4.6 % , to set a record closing high at A $ 4.57 .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points , or 2.04 percent , to 1,520.15 .
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $ 8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period .
Shares of Xoma fell 16 percent in early trade , while shares of Genentech , a much larger company with several products on the market , were up 2 percent .
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won speedy , House approval in March and was endorsed by the White House .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
The head of the local disaster unit , Gyorgy Heizler , said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights .
Senior Vice President Eric Rudder , formerly head of the Developer and Platform Evangelism unit , will lead the new entity .
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
His wife said he was `` 100 percent behind George Bush '' and looked forward to using his years of training in the war .
`` I think you 'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years , '' said Mankiw .
A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 is considered normal , over 25 is considered overweight and 30 or greater is defined as obese .
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session , and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent .
The S & P 500 index was up 1.26 , or 0.1 percent , to 1,039.32 after sinking 10.75 yesterday .
Currently living onboard the space station are American astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko .
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases , but Shanley has pleaded not guilty .
That beat the company 's April earnings forecast of 8 to 9 cents a share .
Armstrong , 31 , battled testicular cancer that spread to his brain .
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque .
An average residential customer paying $ 840 a year for electricity could see a savings of $ 30 annually .
The Institute said dioxin levels in the environment have fallen by as much as 76 percent since the 1970s .
His body was found July 25 , and former teammate Carlton Dotson has been charged in his shooting death .
Twenty-seven Iraqis were killed , pushing the number of opposition deaths to about 100 in a U.S. operation to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein 's fallen regime .
The women had follow-up examinations in 1974-75 , 1980-81 and 1992-93 , but were not asked about stress again .
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006 .
The new application intelligence features will be available June 3 and are included with the SmartDefense product , which comes with FireWall-1 .
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the `` American Masters '' series , `` Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . ''
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi , alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities .
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov said in Moscow Tuesday a firm date would be fixed by this months end .
`` Sanitation is poor , drinking water is generally left behind . . . there could be typhoid and cholera . ''
In early trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 3.90 , or 0.04 percent , at 9,113.75 , having gained 36.90 on Tuesday .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs , up 0.5 percent on the day .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial ( JP:8316 : news , chart , profile ) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen .
`` Leaving aside attorney fees , we 're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses , '' said Gammerman .
This was almost certainly its last full quarter before the company becomes a part of Palm .
They researchers say the research could be relevant to other forms of cancer .
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate .
And if that ai n't a Democrat , then I must be in the wrong meeting , '' he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points , or 0.19 percent , to 9,586.71 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 24.44 points , or 1.39 percent , at 1,739.87 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index was up 1.75 points , or 0.18 percent , to 977.68 .
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent , after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8 , the lowest since March 12 .
The pressure may well rise today , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN , the cable sports network .
A prime-time special on the list , `` AFI 's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains '' aired Tuesday on CBS .
Police advised residents Friday not to travel alone to convenience stores and to be watchful .
The drug was approved for use Friday by the Food and Drug Administration .
The ECB has cut rates from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent in that period .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points , or 0.48 percent , to 1,773.54 .
The loonie , meanwhile , was on the rise again early Thursday .
Arison said Mann was a pioneer of the world music movement -- well before the term was coined -- and he had a deep love of Brazilian music .
A widely praised film of the same name was directed by Wim Wenders .
`` His progress is steady , he is stable , '' said Dr Jack .
Wal-Mart said sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.6 percent from a year earlier .
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar , last up 1 percent at $ 1.6672 .
Among CNN viewers , 29 percent said they were Republicans and 36 percent called themselves conservatives .
Stanford ( 46-15 ) has a team full of such players this season .
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market .
US authorities have said the council would include 20 to 25 members .
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud suit against the teen in Boston .
State troopers arrested the men in a stolen van at the Jubilee Market on Route 14 in Horseheads , said James Flateau , a Department of Correctional Services spokesman .
IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) was the fastest-growing vendor , with sales jumping 37 percent to 220,000 units .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .
`` This man gambled with our lives and we , the passengers , lost , '' said passenger Andres Rivera Jr. , whose 15-year-old niece , Jazmine Santiago , was killed .
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $ 2.3 billion from a year earlier .
At the accident scene , the driver was `` covered in blood '' but helped to remove children , Wood said .
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $ 33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Those that choose the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005 .
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $ 27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $ 28.91 .
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006 , U.S. Airways said in a release .
In a statement distributed today , 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud .
`` It 's a huge black eye , '' said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .
Dotson , 21 , was subsequently charged with Dennehy 's murder .
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent .
In Texas , public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush 's efforts to house his papers at his father 's presidential library , where they would have remained secret for a half-century .
The boy was a student at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay .
San Joaquin County sheriff 's deputies found 37-year-old Adan Avalos of Riverbank shot to death inside the SUV .
The Nasdaq fell 49.95 points , or 2.86 percent , to end at 1,698.02 , based on the latest available data .
Shares of AstraZeneca , Europe ’ s second biggest drug company , rose 3 per cent on the New York Stock Exchange after the news .
`` Things go wrong , '' U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said Wednesday at the Department of Energy .
Protesters chanted , `` Tapping our phones , reading our mail , the LEIU should go to jail , '' put on small skits and danced to drumbeats .
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad .
One is a statistical calculation based on the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza in 122 cities .
Outside the court , Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong .
The transaction will expand Callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales .
`` Rudolph ate here '' , joked a sign outside one restaurant .
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $ 4,794 and graduate fees to $ 5,019 .
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks .
In 1999 , two years before his death , Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years .
`` I 'm quite positive about it , except that I would not want to cut across things that are now occurring , '' he said .
Gulping for air , I started crying and yelling at him , 'What do you mean ?
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points , or 1.13 percent , at 1,007.19 .
Two more died later , and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration , hypothermia and suffocation .
Some of the passengers were from Benin , Guinea and Sierra Leone .
In December , he had predicted a 5 percent growth rate .
`` Yes , I 'm taking his office and we 're going to keep on building and keep on fighting , '' he added .
Funny Cide is looking to become horse racing 's first Triple Crown winner in a generation .
The transfers would reduce P & G ’ s worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000 , down from 110,000 several years ago .
In papers filed Tuesday in Manhattan 's state Supreme Court , Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom 's use of the name Spike for TNN .
Glover said the killer used a `` peculiar slipknot , '' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord , to strangle some of the victims .
`` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , '' said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , a South Dakota Democrat .
Jon Friedman is media editor for CBS.MarketWatch.com in New York .
Against the yen the dollar was down 0.7 percent at 110.73 yen .
Douglas Meester , 20 , is charged with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and providing alcohol to minors .
`` I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the deal was damaging to the state , '' Berlusconi testified .
The euro ros further into record territory on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed U.S. economic data showing rising consumer confidence and a strong housing market .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
`` That really affects the companies , big time , '' said Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
The seizure at 4 a.m. on March 18 was completed before employees showed up for work that day .
He said the ferry 's crew will be interviewed and tested for drugs and alcohol .
Taylor is now expected to leave the broken shell of a nation founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century .
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
In late afternoon trade in New York , the euro was down 0.83 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1633 < EUR= > .
They were killed over a few days in April 2001 and `` deviant cannibalistic tendencies '' were the primary motivation for the murders , authorities said .
On Tuesday , before Byrd 's speech , Fleischer said Bush wanted `` to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing .
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas must defend the record of his first 100 days in office before Parliament today as the death toll in the occupied territories continues to rise .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .
You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide on Friday .
He was on a hiking trip that day with a church group .
SARS has killed about 800 people and sickened more than 8,400 worldwide , mostly in Asia .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index was up 1.75 points , or 0.18 percent , to 977.68 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points , or 0.1 percent , at 1,012.67 .
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and longtime companion Fran Walsh .
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly did not let the judge 's penny-pinching get him down .
SAN Architect will run approximately $ 2,400 while AutoAdvice is available with coverage from one to 50,000 CPUs .
Aug. 15 , 1982 : Remains of Chapman , Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River .
France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war , also sought changes .
He also said Shockey is `` living the dream life of a New York athlete .
Peterson helped raise Ratliff 's two daughters , Margaret and Martha Ratliff , who supported him throughout the trial .
Last year , Bush appointed him to the Homeland Security Advisory Council .
He added , `` There 's just too many leaks in Washington , and if there is a leak out of my administration , I want to know who it is .
In midday trading , the Dow Jones industrial average lost 68.84 , or 0.7 percent , to 9,248.80 .
The Episcopal Church is the American branch of the Anglican Communion .
After Jackson testified he never touched the officers during the struggle on the ground , Barnett showed photos of a scratch on Morse 's neck and the officer 's bloody ear .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points , or 0.68 percent , at 9,270.70 .
Although Republicans now hold every statewide office , the state 's congressional delegation comprises 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .
Only 29 families of frogs are known , most of which were named by the mid-1800s .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32 , taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent .
China , haunted by the spread of SARS in its vast countryside , has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who intentionally spreads the killer virus .
The Yankees wasted no time breaking through against Zambrano ( 4-4 ) in the rematch .
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated , but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
In November , Jeffrey Brabakow , the chief executive at the time , said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients .
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden .
A Lieberman aide said there were no immediate plans for television advertising .
It has not come to a vote yet in the Senate Armed Services Committee .
Warren David Campbell , 32 , and climbing companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District .
In 2001 , President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association , the largest U.S. lender for students .
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , NHTSA said .
In his first trip to sub-Saharan Africa as president , Mr. Bush will visit Senegal , South Africa , Botswana , Uganda and Nigeria before returning home on Saturday .
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires .
As of this week , 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department .
NBC will probably end the season as the second most-popular network behind CBS , which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany 's DAX index lost 1.9 percent .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Yankees are in their first team-wide slump of the season .
Solomon 5.5 is now available in the U.S. and Canada through Microsoft Business Solutions resellers .
Dr. Belding Scribner , inventor of a device that made long-term kidney dialysis possible and has saved more than a million lives , has died in Seattle at age 82 .
Nevada is where the most women smoke , 28 percent .
They include French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
Further back , Sen. Bob Graham of Florida reported about $ 1.7 million on hand .
Business confidence among top U.S. executives hit a 12-month high in the second quarter , according to a survey released Monday .
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs , violating the station 's two-month-old ban on the group 's music .
It 's also a strategic win for Overture , given that Knight Ridder had been using Google 's advertising services .
Telecom equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. ( nyse : QCOM - news - people ) rallied 43 cents , or 12.3 percent , to $ 3.95 .
McKnight 's lawyers said she had no intention of harming the child .
An Alaska judge has rejected an attempt by an animal rights group to stop a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska .
He went on : `` One part of that should have been sourced to a reference work .
The injunction was immediately stayed pending an appeal to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington .
Dotson was taken to an area hospital for a psychiatric evaluation .
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as reconstruction in Afghanistan and Iraq , working in positions from translator to truck driver .
The teen was in critical condition at Sacred Heart Medical Center , police said in a news release .
The park service purchased the land from the estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $ 22 million .
McCartney has three children - fashion designer Stella , 31 , Mary , 33 , and James , 25 - by first wife Linda .
In recent years , Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble : He faced charges of fare-beating and credit-car theft .
The House Republican leadership said it expected to call members back Dec. 8 for a vote on the omnibus bill .
PeopleSoft gained $ 1.09 , or 6.3 percent , to $ 18.24 and was Nasdaq 's most active issue .
A passionate nationalist , Mr. D'Alessandro said : `` Canada is a small country , and we need more companies like this . ''
Revenue was up a tad , from $ 610.6 million to $ 616.5 million .
He urged Congress to `` send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . ''
Former Illinois Sen. Carol Moseley Braun ended June with $ 22,126 in the bank , according to her FEC report .
The nurse called Allison Smith with the news : The experimental drug that so effectively treated her severe peanut allergy was being taken away .
John Heine , a spokesman for the commission in Washington , declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer 's criticism .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , Bob Schindler .
Against the dollar , the euro rose as high as $ 1.1537 , a fresh four-year high and up a half cent from around $ 1.1480 in late U.S. trade .
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents , or 14 percent , to close at $ 4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
The Mariners piled on against Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the bottom of the inning .
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which he was a member , said he was researching a schools exchange project .
The Nasdaq composite gained 4.78 to 1,955.80 , having edged up 0.1 percent last week .
Lynch , who returns to the hills of West Virigina Tuesday , also received the Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points , or 0.11 percent , to 9,837.94 .
On the sidelines of the Bo'ao forum , Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and held talks with Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov .
`` Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , '' said Robert Fraley , Monsanto 's executive vice president .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday .
In addition , 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine .
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year .
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , law enforcement sources said .
The results , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , involved just 47 heart attack patients .
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > advanced 6 points , or 0.30 percent , to 2,053 , erasing earlier losses .
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 288-1/4p in morning trade in London .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points , or 0.09 percent , at 1,744.91 .
Earlier this year , Intel invested $ 123 million in Elpida Memory over two funding rounds , Mulloy said .
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels .
`` It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week , and I had to get my pitch .
`` It 's just too important to keeping crime down in the city to let it lapse , '' the mayor said of Operation Impact .
Iraq 's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April .
Severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 8,300 worldwide and killed at least 790 , most of them in Asia .
Under the agreement , Solutia will pay $ 50 million and Monsanto will pay $ 390 million .
After Mao 's death in 1976 , she was tried and sentenced to death , later commuted to life .
Several passing vehicles and an adjacent shop were also damaged in the explosion .
If convicted , each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved .
Germany said most of the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein .
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53 .
In Millville yesterday , Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days .
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers , with final assembly in Germany .
`` He is not considered a suspect , '' McCabe said .
Robin Saunders , head of the principal finance unit , has made clear she has funding to buy parts of the business .
The discovery so alarmed researchers that they stopped the study , known as the Women 's Health Initiative .
Kerkowski and Fassett 's bodies were unearthed at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5 .
Now , Blanca 's husband , 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy , faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February .
France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war , also sought changes .
`` We do n't know everything [ but ] what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying seriously , '' he said .
Stocks barely budged Friday as trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout in New York .
The Prime Minister has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe .
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday .
Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case , as has Levin .
A month ago a military transport plane returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded in what officials called a `` safety incident . ''
Associated Press Writer Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article .
On Saturday , Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h . serve in beating Andre Agassi .
Mr. Nelson heard people shout : `` There 's a Jew .
The majority of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal .
The bank booked 820 billion yen in loan-loss charges compared with 1.9 trillion yen a year ago .
Former prisoner of war Pfc . Jessica Lynch is winning admiration in her hometown all over again for the courage to reveal she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
They have included local and foreign aid workers , U.S. troops , Afghan soldiers , officials and police , as well as many guerrillas .
The airline 's pilots , for example , are taking a 15-per-cent cut .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 28.73 points , or 1.77 percent , at 1,655.22 .
Panther Server also includes an updated release of Apache , along with Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis for creating powerful web services .
They said the police officers also entered various private wards at the clinic and attacked patients .
`` The whole thing is a travesty , '' fumed Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen .
Mr. Holden toured Northmoor , where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed and the town hall and police station also were damaged .
U.S. District Judge Lee R. West ruled Tuesday in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacks authority to run the registry .
The PG-13 sequel `` 2 Fast 2 Furious '' raked in an estimated $ 52.1 million during its opening weekend , jumping over last weekend 's catch , `` Finding Nemo . ''
On Jan. 1 , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick , who was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment .
Pataki said if power was restored , state workers would be back on the job Friday morning .
They argue that proposed congressional redistricting maps reviewed by the Legislature would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas .
Prosecutors could not be reached for comment after the legal papers were obtained late Monday afternoon .
Wexford had agreed to assume about $ 90 million in debt to buy the planes and certificate .
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches .
His injured co-worker , a woman , was hospitalized as well but listed in good condition , Reichert said .
Palm will issue approximately 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring 's shareholders .
Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders about troop needs in Iraq .
`` Shattered Glass '' _ starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass , The New Republic journalist fired for fabricating stories _ debuted well with $ 80,000 in eight theaters .
`` We have found the smoking gun , '' investigating board member Scott Hubbard said .
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner 's body floating near the doctor 's houseboat in Portage Bay , where he was eating lunch when his wife , Ethel , left for an appointment .
The Pentagon has begun an official investigation into Boykin 's remarks .
Only in the past few weeks have officials settled on the 20 percent figure .
Mother-of-two Sally , originally from Coatbridge , Lanarkshire , had stepped on to the escalator when it collapsed .
The United States has repeatedly accused Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons .
The new variation of Blaster was identified Wednesday , according to antivirus company Sophos .
Whole Nine Yards , '' and written by first-time screenwriters Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson .
The U.N. atomic watchdog rapped Iran Thursday for failing to comply with nuclear safeguards , issuing a statement Washington said underlined international opposition to Tehran developing any banned weapons .
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car , and they chatted .
Two kids from Michigan are in today 's third round .
During the problem liftoffs , foam left dozens of pockmarks on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle , Turcotte said .
Mr Eddington is to meet union leaders today and tomorrow .
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $ 126 million , or 26 cents per share .
ICANN asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend Site Finder while the Internet community studied the issues .
The Bush administration cited that intelligence as primary justification for invading Iraq .
Bremer will focus on the politics and Garner on the rest of the reconstruction efforts , Garner said , adding that Bremer will arrive in Iraq by next week .
Several children , including the 8-year-old , went down to the water 's edge to play in the surf .
TVT Records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .
Lapidus expects Ford to be down 5 percent , Chrysler down 10 percent and foreign brands up 4 percent driven by strong truck sales at Honda .
Excluding one-time items , it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share .
Mr. Woodley died Sunday at age 44 of liver and kidney failure in his native Shreveport , La .
Just five months ago , Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt .
Of those three , only Dillard 's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
The body of a victim lies under a yellow tarp in front of a car that plowed through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica .
Indonesia 's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM , charges it has generally denied .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points , or 2.09 percent , to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 14/32 , taking its yield to 4.19 percent from 4.22 percent .
Police said the shooter ran away from an officer who chased him , and still was being sought Thursday night .
China accounted for 14 % of Motorola 's $ 26.7 billion in sales last year .
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers , banks and other lenders .
`` New York City and Houston fourth-graders were at the national average in writing .
It cut taxes while still balancing the budget for three years and bringing down Europe 's highest national debt as a proportion of gross domestic product after Italy .
`` But they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , '' Mr Jordan said .
`` We 're being hyper-vigilant , '' said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
Winslet , 28 , has a three-year-old daughter Mia by her first husband , British film producer Jim Threapleton .
The group has the support of about 215 churches and an estimated 25 bishops .
`` Monsignor Grass ... while manifestly repentant , admitted that the allegations were true , '' the statement said .
For more than a century , an undetermined amount of money was lost , stolen , or never collected .
And , globally , the number of active probable cases has declined to 573 .
Defenders of the partial birth abortion ban downplayed the legal challenges .
The Legislature on Wednesday approved a bill that caps damages received by medical malpractice plaintiffs in the hopes it will lower insurance rates and help the state retain doctors .
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path .
Stocks slipped at the open after the euro hit record highs against the dollar .
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour , and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom , Bragdon said .
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up , but exempted private clubs from the regulation .
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) protocol , which deals with inter-computer communications .
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m .
Doctors hope rock singer Ozzy Osbourne , who is recovering from a quad bike crash , will begin breathing unassisted again soon , they said today .
Hillary Clinton , the New York senator and former first lady , has a book out Monday titled Living History .
A third executive , chief operating officer David Glenn was fired .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23 .
Pen Hadow became the first man last week to reach the geographic North Pole on an unsupported trek through Canada , a journey of about 770 km .
Many of the victims of Sunday 's attack were headed out of Iraq for R & R or emergency leave .
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap ... .The level of it is to be debated .
During interrogation , he admitted that he helped organise and carry out near-simultaneous bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000 .
The $ 87 billion budget includes $ 51 billion for military operations in Iraq , another $ 20 billion for reconstruction and about $ 11 billion for Afghanistan .
Associated Press Writer Michael Gormley contributed to this report from Albany .
Total revenue for the second quarter was $ 1.48 billion , up 7 % from $ 1.39 billion in the same period last year .
That compared with a loss of $ 55.4 million , or $ 4.92 per share in the same period a year earlier .
Under Maine Rx , which state lawmakers approved in 2000 , Maine would act as a `` pharmacy benefit manager '' to lower the cost of prescription drugs .
His wife , married to Moore by a justice of the peace , started planning her dream wedding .
Rats on the tomato powder diet had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats , allowing for diet restriction .
That applies only to schools that get federal Title I money .
Fox was seeking an injunction to halt distribution of `` Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them : A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right . ''
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs , up 0.5 percent on the day .
Previously , it had reported a small profit of $ 12 million , or break-even on a per-share basis , for the period .
According to the report , average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990 .
`` We put the call out , '' said the Rev . Patrick J. Mahoney , director of the Christian Defense Coalition .
Courant Staff Writer Jeff Goldberg contributed to this story .
Isaacs had been on death row longer than anyone in the nation .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , federal and local governments remained shut down , as did schools and many businesses .
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th on Tuesday .
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion , Thomson First Call says .
BellSouth added 111,000 DSL customers during the quarter to reach a total of 1.3m subscribers .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after scoring five consecutive up sessions .
`` I do n't know whether the person I 'm talking to now may end up being someone else , '' Parrish said .
She first went to a specialist for initial tests last Monday , feeling tired and unwell .
Kurdish forces at a checkpoint near Mosul in northern Iraq seized the trailer on April 19 .
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R & D site in Munich , Germany , for GSM and UMTS handsets .
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison , under the bill .
Within four days , the House and Senate overwhelmingly endorsed a resolution granting the president authority to go to war .
Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder .
Sixty players and five coaches from Mepham High School in Bellmore , Long Island attended the training camp in August .
The official would not name the leakers for the record and would not name the journalists .
Her 20-year-old sister , Allyson , was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided yesterday to lower its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November .
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better , many of the expenditures will actually occur in 2004 , making that year 's shortfall worse .
The dollar pushed as high as $ 1.1115 to the euro in early trade , extending Tuesday 's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30 .
During President Bush 's trip to Africa earlier this month , however , Washington said it would support the increase .
In September 2002 , floods in the Gard region killed 23 people .
Home Depot is expected to report earnings per share of 46 cents for the third quarter , according to Thomson First Call .
The global epidemic of HIV , the virus that causes Aids , is tightening its grip on Britain with a record number of new cases diagnosed last year .
Fujitsu will own 40 percent of the company , which will be headquartered in Sunnyvale , Calif .
He was given leave to appeal against part of his conviction and sentence .
Tracks can be burned to CDs , but the same playlist may only be burned up to five times .
Shares were off 30 cents , or 1.3 percent , at $ 22.58 on Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
But Mr. Bolten cautioned that the deficit was still likely to exceed $ 500 billion in the 2004 fiscal year .
No wonder AOL lost 846,000 subscribers last quarter .
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year .
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade .
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected earnings of 19 cents per share in the third quarter .
In a statement issued by his solicitors , Mr Hadley said : `` I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings .
Laos 's second most important export destination - said it was consulting EU member states `` with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary '' on the matter .
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters , rejecting librarians ' complaints that the law amounts to censorship .
The analyst , already let go by Merrill , can request a hearing before a NASD panel .
The victims drank tainted coffee after the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden .
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average , which rose 2.9 percent during the four-day trading week .
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $ 2.75 a share .
Jordan Barowitz , a spokesman for Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said : `` The Comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts . ''
Prosecutors said interviews Peterson gave reporters may have been monitored in case the fertilizer salesman confessed .
Between 1960 and 2000 , however , the state 's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485 .
Its cumulative total is $ 232.8 million , heading for $ 275 million .
Momentous happenings at the World Climate Conference in Moscow last week .
Egypt , Mongolia , the Seychelles , Tunisia and at least three other governments have signed unpublicized agreements .
The Standard & Poor 's retail index < .RLX > was up more than 1.5 percent .
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents , and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and Unix file servers .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors to the board and re-elected six others .
Judiciary officials did not immediately respond to Reuters ' requests for comment on the criticism of Mortazavi 's appointment .
A command is sent to Mars Express to release Beagle 2 by what is known as a Spin-Up and Eject Mechanism .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
Just about everything about `` Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix '' will set records .
In Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany 's DAX index gained 0.6 percent .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,670.21 .
`` We stand behind this program , '' said Dr. William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs .
There was no way the man could hear him , but he turned and mouthed something .
A final decision on his fate would lie with US President George Bush .
`` I was in the water for about eight seconds .
`` I 'm very proud of the citizens of this state , '' said Gov . John Baldacci , a casino foe .
Net income was 12 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 35 million , or 20 cents , a year earlier .
We can scatter them , we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there , but often the beast survives .
With Johnson 's injury , the fight card at the Staples Center in Los Angeles is in question .
The broader market also retreated , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations .
Under the proposed terms of the transaction , and following the spinoff of PalmSource , Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring .
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The cause of death is drowning , and the manner of death is homicide , Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said .
In Washington , FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said Sunday the bureau will provide forensic analysis of the wreckage .
Cabrera was called up Friday from Double A Carolina and started in left field .
Months later , an unknown shooter killed Dr. Wayne Patterson , who ran Gunn 's clinic .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC 's claims , and called its recommendations `` irresponsible '' .
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
The interest rate on Series EE savings bonds for May through October is 2.66 percent .
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts .
Durst , a millionaire , pleaded self-defense in the death of his neighbor Morris Black .
Trading of EchoStar 's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
A total of 114 U.S. soldiers were killed between the start of the war March 20 and the end of April .
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves .
In 1993 , after nine years in prison , Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's panties .
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from August .
`` The U.S. will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice , '' Bush told the crowd , which burst into applause .
Economists said the report on wholesale prices showed producers were having a tough time trying to raise prices .
`` Our objective is to improve the nation 's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event , '' including use of weapons of mass destruction , Ridge said .
Excluding litigation charges it made a profit of $ 7.8 million , or 10 cents a share .
`` We need to take these threats seriously , '' said Vicki Saporta , president of the National Abortion Federation .
The two had battled over custody and he allegedly told her in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement .
Bob Hope , the master of one-line quips , died Sunday night `` with a smile on his face , '' his daughter said yesterday .
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak , Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble .
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor 's focus `` is on doing the work that he 's being paid to do . ''
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week , losing its Tuesday berth .
Both executives face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine for securities fraud .
Despite hefty losses against the euro , the dollar 's slide versus the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen 's rise .
Douglas Meester , 20 , is charged with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and providing alcohol to minors .
Woori Finance is the only large bank still to be sold but the state retains large stakes in several others , leading to suspicions of government meddling in lending decisions .
Democratic Lt. Gov . Cruz Bustamante was first choice of 25 percent , followed by state Sen. Tom McClintock with 18 percent .
It was the culmination of a row caused by Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore , who installed the 2400kg monument in the Alabama Judicial Building in 2001 .
Walgreen 's shares were up 4.6 % , or $ 1.42 , to $ 32.11 in midday New York Stock Exchange trading .
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday , and announced it will take an accounting charge on one of its businesses .
`` The proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity to better support our customer requirements , '' said Yukio Sakamoto , Elpida 's president .
`` We have n't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , '' said Dave Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
BaFin , Germany 's chief financial regulator , and the prosecutor 's office were not immediately available for comment .
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years .
Brand-name drugs in Canada tend to be cheaper than in the United States because of government price controls and a favorable exchange rate .
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 injured as the rebels fought into the capital .
The news has caused a rush of people to the Knox County Health Department to get vaccinated .
The fifth nominee for fiction is Scott Spencer , for A Ship Made of Paper .
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell .
It will cost about $ 20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT , having darted as high as $ 359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25 .
Holloway surrendered in Cleveland on Friday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks .
On Jan. 1 , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick , who was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment .
Scientists reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world 's oceans since a half-century ago , a dire assessment that drew immediate skepticism from commercial fishers .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dropped 25.17 points , or 1.39 percent , to 1,792.07 , based on the latest available figures .
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante .
Anthony Citrano , a representative for WhenU , declined to comment on the case .
During difficult times for technology venture capital , Vivace raised over $ 118 million in three rounds of venture financing .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > rose 49 points , or 0.47 percent , to 10,578 .
The vendor has added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to the operating system 's Hardware Compatibility List ( HCL ) .
In 2001 , there were 6.5 million high-tech jobs in the United States .
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic `` The Passion of Christ '' in the United States .
Authorities believe the children , who were last seen with their father at a fireworks display in Concord on July 4 , are dead .
The Los Angeles Master Chorale and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Brass Ensemble also performed .
Goodrem spent yesterday resting in her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today to determine her exact treatment .
The report details crime reported to law enforcement agencies statewide .
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts .
Broomhead , 34 , was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment .
The poll of 405 registered Massachusetts voters was conducted Wednesday through Friday by RKM Research and Communications .
`` Motorola has displayed clear disloyalty '' to Symbian , said Per Lindberg , an analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein in London .
Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , was killed at Columbine , said the tape raises disturbing issues .
Reflecting the broad scope of the recession and its aftermath , significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites , blacks , people 18-to-64 , and middle- and higher-income earners .
Bob Richter , spokesman for Craddick , R-Midland , said the speaker had not seen the ruling and could not comment .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .
Coca-Cola announced Friday morning that the U.S. Attorney 's office in Atlanta has started an inquiry .
Blair has said there is not `` a shred of truth '' in allegations that the government manipulated evidence about Iraq 's weapons programs .
Puretunes has also lost a distribution deal with the popular Grokster file-swapping software company .
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border , officials said .
There are 100,000 U.S. troops in Asia , most of them in South Korea and Japan .
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay .
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas .
Young faces a fine , suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry .
Mitchell said many knew Wilson , 43 , to be unstable and that she recently lost her job .
`` I have every reason to believe that people understand enough is enough , '' Mr. Pataki said .
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance .
`` We 're delighted the testing has worked -- we caught this ... and have n't sent it into the blood supply , '' said Dr. Dale Towns , Calgary medical director of CBS .
Even if the Senate approves the proposals , they would require the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Gov . George Pataki to become law .
The stock lost some three quarters of its value after the initial February 24 bombshell disclosure .
On June 4 , Amazon said it had received orders for over 1 million copies of `` Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . ''
Police arrested on Friday the chief suspect in the murder of the top state official on the unruly French island of Corsica , Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on Friday .
Retired General Wesley Clark 's entry into the race for the Democratic presidential nomination will almost certainly strengthen anti-war forces determined to unseat US President George W Bush next year .
The city had requested federal funds , but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $ 3 million .
Lee Janzen , tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane ( 67 ) at 269 .
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of transuranic and low-level radioactive waste , some of it mixed with hazardous chemicals , is buried at Hanford .
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine , '' Davis said after appearing with former U.S. president Bill Clinton at a school dedication .
Less than 20 percent of Boise 's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is complete , assuming those businesses are n't sold .
He claims they agreed on this plot and that fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin , a bombmaker who is still on the run .
In New York , Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $ 18.29 .
The Bank of England starts a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday and is expected to leave British interest rates steady at 3.75 percent on Thursday .
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
The appetizer devoured , Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
That was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .
`` This proposal is modest compared with the space programme , and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it .
`` If that ai n't a Democrat , then I must be at the wrong meeting , '' he said to a standing ovation .
President Bush has raised $ 83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May , and has $ 70 million of that left to spend , his campaign said Tuesday .
Hovan , a resident of Trumbull , Conn. , had worked as a bus driver since 1967 and had no prior criminal record .
The 30-year bond was down 14/32 to yield 4.92 percent , up from 4.89 percent on Thursday but off an earlier yield high of 4.95 percent .
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
It also offers a `` self-healing '' option so businesses have continuous access to critical servers , data and applications .
Consolidated volume was moderate , with 1.91 billion shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange , compared to 1.5 billion Monday .
In turning down the NIMA offer , Gehman said , `` there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here .
Reed arrived a day after H. Carl McCall , co-chairman of the exchange 's special committee on governance , resigned saying Reed should have a `` clean slate '' to make changes .
The outage resurrected memories of other massive power blackouts , including one in 1977 that left about 9 million people without electricity for 25 hours .
Associated Press Writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham , Ala. , contributed to this story .
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .
Whether or not we get to the two-thirds , we 're going to have the lion 's share of union support . ''
On Jan. 1 , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick , who was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment .
The two companies plan further analysis of the subset data and will discuss the results with regulatory agencies .
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser , Telemarketing Associates .
Bad publicity surrounding warranties has already sent sales into decline .
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold .
It is `` in the hands of Mr Newton '' as a US space agency ( Nasa ) astronaut once put it .
Staff Writer Diane Lade and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
At 11 a.m. EDT , Fabian 's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west , or about 550 miles east of the Leewards .
The National Transportation Safety Board had subpoenaed him , but he initially ignored the order .
Bunia has about 750 U.N. troops , compared with an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region , with thousands deployed in and around Bunia .
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo .
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090 , while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601 .
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people .
Russian forces stormed the building to free the hostages but 129 people died in the operation .
Georgia has received all but $ 70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI .
At the service Morrill 's widow , Ellie , sobbed and hugged Bondeson 's sister-in-law as people consoled her .
The US administration responded coolly to the EU deadline , warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers but pledging `` to comply with our international obligations '' .
Jeter , who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31 , took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday .
Water management officials in Florida were worried about the storm 's possible effect on some of their already-swollen rivers and lakes .
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed .
Berkshire Hathaway made profits of $ 1.7 billion in the first three months of this year alone , its best performance .
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald declined to name the wholesalers , whom he called `` victims in this . ''
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the `` American Masters '' series , `` Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . ''
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April , the biggest monthly gain since December .
Mr. Parsons has served as the director at the Stennis Space Center , which employs 4,600 people , since August .
At 11 a.m. ( 1500 GMT ) , the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday .
Last year , Stockwell was forced to repay $ 3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff rang up while he was labour minister .
The Purchasing Managers Index , released on Monday by the Institute for Supply Management , rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April .
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
American and Russian space officials stressed there is no immediate danger to the crew or the operation of the orbiting outpost .
The Nasdaq eased 0.15 percent for the week after two consecutive up weeks .
Under the House-passed plan , seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs , plus a $ 250 deductible annually .
The scientists ' research is being published today in the journal Science ( www.sciencemag.org ) .
We think this was bad law , and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .
Shares of other mortgage lenders and home construction companies also fell .
The meeting would now be held before August 8 .
It 's just a matter of time , said Frank McDonald , of the University of Maryland .
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .
A Catholic priest said two miners were killed and nine other protesters injured 110 kilometres outside La Paz as a convoy of miners threw dynamite at soldiers manning a roadblock .
North Korea has demanded one-to-one talks with the United States .
In early U.S. trading , the euro < EUR= > was down 0.6 percent to $ 1.1741 , after rising to a four-month high of $ 1.1860 .
He played four seasons in Miami , including the Dolphins ' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl .
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July .
Christina 's aunt , Shelley Riling , said she will address the court .
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year , '' said Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
Still , Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997 , Agnew said .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 14/32 , taking its yield to 4.19 percent from 4.22 percent .
He said he was n't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right , in both foreign and domestic policy .
The Swedish central bank cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 3.0 percent .
The plan , called The NIH Roadmap , was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia .
Jones ' decision Friday ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors .
Hoy confirmed the woman 's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family , but is expected to return this week .
`` It 's a new beginning as far as the courts , Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned , making the criminal justice system work better . ''
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians voting electronically - 9.3 percent of the state 's 15.3 million registered voters .
`` The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum , and we wo n't give up , '' said Marc Blondel , leader of the Force Ouvriere union .
GE 's shares closed at $ 30.65 on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
An artist painted a sign reading `` CAUTION Low Flying Planes '' on a building near ground zero , angering neighbors and stirring complaints .
Georgia 's median household income dropped about 0.9 percent to $ 43,096 -- a $ 408 dip .
A Competition Commission inquiry last month has already excluded larger rivals Tesco , Asda and J Sainsbury from the bid race .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
At least 36 deaths have been blamed on the storm , 20 of them in Virginia .
The rovers act as robotic geologists , moving on six wheels .
`` The proposed settlement is too expensive for the ratepayers , '' the governor said in a statement .
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for drinking with two high school girls in the latest incident to embarrass the academy .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT , having marched up to $ 369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10 .
It was centered about 100 miles southwest of Cedar Key and drifting erratically southward , forecasters said .
The former employees filed wrongful-termination suits , dismissed in July 2002 , that included details about the documents , the Journal story said .
He is to play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday .
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson , 43 , was agitated when she came to the church , in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city 's east side .
Early Wednesday , the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price , driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday .
Quattrone , 47 , is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
State television said the dead included seven Lebanese , four Egyptians , one Saudi , one Sudanese and four whose nationalities were not named .
Newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur in `` Hairspray '' bested Broadway veteran Bernadette Peters in `` Gypsy '' for best actress in a musical .
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat , and he immediately appealed the decision .
The company is expected to unveil the console on Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas .
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein 's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials .
Robert B. Willumstad , 57 , Citigroup 's president , was named chief operating officer .
The agency found further that a WD Energy employee discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies , which the CFTC did n't identify .
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice .
Above that , Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs .
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago 's monthly index rose to 58.9 from 55.9 in July , the highest in 15 months .
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs .
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) to report earnings after the close .
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March ; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts .
Adaptable and Carter 's Trading Co. did not immediately return calls seeking comment on Wednesday .
Boeing shares fell 95 cents , or 3.3 percent , to $ 27.67 at 3:30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
While the shape of any military operation is unclear , Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province to more than 45,000 from 38,000 .
Contractors Brian Rose , 36 , and Joseph Quattrone , 35 , who were convicted of submitting hundreds of phony invoices to Blue Cross , are to be sentenced in January .
In New York City , bars and restaurants that allow people to smoke can face hefty fines .
It is the first `` critical '' flaw discovered and fixed in the new Windows Server 2003 .
The chain , which has been under new management since late 1999 , has more than 3,400 stores and $ 15.8 billion in annual revenue .
Symptoms of the E. coli infection include bloody diarrhea , nausea , vomiting and abdominal cramping .
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
But Hayes , of the CDC said , `` Many complicated interactions come into play that are often difficult to predict . ''
Virtual PC , which Microsoft acquired from Connectix Corp. in February , will not run on the G5 , the company said .
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
In his female disguise , he used the name Dorothy Ciner , a childhood friend , and rented an apartment in Galveston .
The stock had risen 63 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading .
Last week , his lawyers asked Gov . Mark R. Warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX climbed 17.08 points , or 1.74 percent , to 998.68 .
The OpForce product currently works with Solaris , AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows servers .
A pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
Billups scored 77 points in the final two games of the first-round series against the Magic .
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security .
In the first hour of trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.98 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,346.77 .
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson referred all calls to the FBI .
`` There must be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism , '' namely , a `` promise of a better and fairer world . ''
At 5 p.m. EDT , Grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi .
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
The movie opened over the weekend in the number one spot and the companion game has been on sale since late last month .
A spokesman for the United States Attorney 's office in Manhattan had no comment .
The Foreign Office said Heaton was in Saudi detention but had not been charged , and that consul officials had visited him on Thursday .
So far , eight states have laws legalizing marijuana for patients with physician recommendations : Alaska , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Nevada , Oregon and Washington .
`` We stand behind this program , '' said Dr. William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs .
But the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.91 points , or 0.35 percent , at 1,674.35 .
In one Johannesburg store , 900 copies have been ordered .
Now the rest is just mechanical , '' said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .
We 're seeing some very high levels of widespread flu infections in some places , '' said Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Shelley 's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far .
Canada which is a major meat exporter to Japan , has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo 's ban is not justified on scientific grounds .
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004 .
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from August .
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent , to $ 645 million from $ 600 million in 2002 .
Jordan Barowitz , a spokesman for Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said : `` The Comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts . ''
The letter indicates the Vatican 's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church .
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross-section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the U.S. military until elections can be held .
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter .
Saul Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court for the death of Christina Long .
About 80 percent of Pakistan 's 140 million people are Sunnis .
The researchers found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride , or 803 men , developed prostate cancer .
Riva had recently helped his son , Frank Riva Jr. , get into a construction workers ' union and land a job .
The December decision by the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California 's law banning certain assault weapons and revived the national gun-ownership debate .
Mr Estrada , who is in prison , has denied any involvement in the mutiny .
The phone is available for $ 299.99 with any compatible AT & T Wireless service plan .
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths , though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas .
The ministry said the hijackers Francisco Lamas Caron , 29 ; Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta , 22 ; and Yosvani Martinez Acosta , 27 , shot themselves for unknown reasons .
`` Yes , I do not wish to be present during this witness , '' Peterson , 31 , calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell .
Then his body was dumped a few blocks away , found in a driveway on Argyle Road .
The new P25-S507 sports a 17-inch display with a resolution of 1,440 pixels by 900 pixels the same as Apples PowerBook .
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands .
The key vote Thursday was on a provision that temporarily eliminates the dividend tax .
Because of that , the family had run him out of the house over the objections of the grandmother and he was living on the street .
And she has a boyfriend , officials said : Sgt . Ruben Contreras , who sat with her family today .
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre .
The coalition passed some of the world 's most progressive social legislation , legalising gay marriage and euthanasia .
Revenue rose 5.4 percent to $ 45.9 billion from $ 43.6 billion a year ago .
`` Poland , Spain and Germany , were ready to talk about a deal , '' he said .
DB2 Cube Views automates the process of creating metadata by defining , describing , and indexing information in a database .
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi , a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize , at her lakeside home , where she is under house arrest .
The amendment deals with the free exercise of religion versus the government establishment of a religion .
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later died , the police said .
The secrecy surrounding terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah was again smashed when witnesses from Malaysia testified in the treason trial of Abu Bakar Bashir .
Marcel Desailly , the France captain and Chelsea defender , believes the latter is true .
By March 2003 , 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems , compared with 28 percent using D.S.L .
The largest supplier of medicines was Canada , followed by India , Thailand and the Philippines .
Andrew Sugden , an evolutionary biology expert and the international managing editor of Science , described the find as a `` milestone '' .
The 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond , Va. , released the edited transcript of a closed hearing June 3 , which followed a public proceeding .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
Falconer will hold on , for now , to the Lord Chancellor 's Great Seal , used to sign off instructions from the sovereign .
France has a unique unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows .
The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them .
Through 2040 , Indiana 's population is expected to increase by about 19 percent , to more than 7.2 million people .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , chairing the summit , said he was prepared to call an extra informal meeting of leaders next month on the constitution if necessary .
The group 's leadership in Gaza insisted on Tuesday that it was still committed to the ceasefire .
On Friday , authorities had said the state police would head the investigation .
Shinseki 's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia .
On Monday , the number of SARS cases in China passed 5,000 , hitting a total of 5,013 .
The show 's creator and executive producer , Phil Rosenthal , quipped in a statement : `` We had a big contract negotiation .
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured .
`` I 'm still not red-hot favourite , '' Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office .
`` It was a total mockery of justice , a parody , '' said Thierry Falise , a Belgian photographer , as he arrived here .
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate , which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46 % from 4.42 % late Thursday .
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package .
`` The fact is , this was a program that was built for concealment .
NITED NATIONS , Aug. 26 International inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium at an Iranian facility , according to a new confidential report distributed today .
Nelson stared down referee Joey Crawford during a timeout with 2:46 left in the first quarter and San Antonio leading 26-16 .
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $ 43.67 .
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion .
The appeals court has generally proved a favorable venue for Microsoft .
The deal creates a company with about $ 2.8bn in annual revenues with 13,000 employees and 11,000 customers .
When Brooks was killed in an automobile accident Monday in Minnesota , Taylor lost a good friend .
Prince , who heads Citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank , is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO .
`` The First Amendment does not shield fraud , '' Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court in Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates , No . 01-1806 .
`` Tonight he was an offensive catcher , '' Cubs manager Dusty Baker said .
The defeat for suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore was expected .
`` I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention , '' Woods said , referring to his 42 on the front nine Saturday .
Journalists were not the only people notified that their phone calls had been intercepted .
Steverson said Williams , who was white , was a racist .
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers , police said .
Variable annuity sales surged 82 percent to $ 4.2 billion .
U.S. administration officials said Snow 's rate comments were not reflective of Washington 's policy and were merely an observation about the economy .
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95 , or 1.1 percent , to 1507.76 , its first slide in five days .
It fell 0.5 percent after UBS downgraded it to `` neutral '' from `` buy , '' citing valuation .
U.S. District Judge Edward W. Nottingham in Denver denied an FTC request to suspend his decision while the agency appeals .
That season , the Rams finished the regular season ranked 11th and were a No . 2 seed in the NCAA tournament .
Meanwhile , the Connecticut attorney general , Richard Blumenthal , said he was considering legal action against Mr. Abraham 's order .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32 , taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent .
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $ 44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Analysts ' average forecast was $ 4.02 per share on revenue of $ 25.56 billion .
It had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points and was conducted Thursday through Saturday .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
Justice Antonin Scalia , Sandra Day O'Connor and Clarence Thomas dissented from the ruling .
Britain 's Department for Transport said `` the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent , '' and suspended flights after 6 p.m. EDT .
The American Soldier was first selected as Times Person of the Year during the Korean War in 1950 .
Graham , who co-chaired the inquiry , is a presidential candidate .
TNK-BP has six oil producing units , five refineries and 2,100 filling stations .
The Z200 features a color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sounds .
Both are in the cocoa-growing west of the world 's top producer in a region where fighting is complicated by the presence of Liberians on both sides .
Smiledge said he has n't spoken with his son in eight years and wants nothing to do with him .
Sean Harrigan , president of the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , also suggested paring the NYSE 's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry .
That is , if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it .
`` But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm . ''
A car and a house were hit in the new shootings , the chief deputy sheriff of Franklin County , Steve Martin , said .
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the ancient world 's legendary beauties .
Along with Boston , Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday .
Senator Brandis backed Dr Hollingworth 's claims he had been denied natural justice by the Anglican Church inquiry into the claims against him .
Authorities and Baylor officials say Dennehy , 21 , has n't been heard from in more than two weeks .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .
Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Kevin Umphrey at 688-4163 or Crime Stoppers at ( 800 ) 458-8477 .
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March .
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which are not considered diseases .
French troops defend a group of foreigners as they board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia , Liberia .
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates .
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park , the country ’ s only park dedicated to ancient ruins .
The caretaker , identified by church officials as Jorge Monzon , was believed to be among the missing , who are presumed dead .
As of Wednesday , there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region .
Quinn was assigned to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment , based in Fort Carson , Colo .
The NCSD has about 60 employees , Robert Liscouski , the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection , said at a briefing today .
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists .
Bryant , 24 , has been charged with felony sexual assault .
White , who had kidney failure from years of high blood pressure , had been undergoing dialysis and had been hospitalized since a September stroke .
Haskell said 57 percent were Hispanic , 10 percent Asian , 7 percent black and 16 percent white .
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
A photo of Linda Franklin 's bloodied body was shown on a large screen in the courtroom yesterday .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .
I never attended a youth camp organised by that diocese . ''
He had performed outside of Cuba on several occasions , including shows in the United States last year .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
In math , 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient .
FCC officials said the embedded electronic signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer copies to the Internet .
`` It 's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist , '' the source said .
Linux company SuSE was today acquired by Novell in a $ 210 million all-cash deal .
Andy Savage , who is representing Renee Britt , said she is undereducated and has some mental problems herself .
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights .
Smith , who faces a maximum 40 years in prison if convicted , is free on $ 250,000 bond .
Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial ( JP:8306 : news , chart , profile ) lost 2.6 percent to 444,000 yen .
A PAEDOPHILE from Twickenham has been described by police as the most prolific 'internet groomer ' ever caught .
`` The other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , and I do n't blame him .
Miodrag Zivkovic , the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month .
Al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 while on a mission to buy explosives for bombing targets in Singapore .
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have stepped in overnight and in Tokyo on Friday .
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines .
Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case , as has Levin .
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public , Rosa said .
Nissan North America Inc. said Wednesday it was moving production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee , adding 800 jobs .
Keanu Reeves and Hugo Weaving in a scene from the motion picture The Matrix Revolutions .
`` I am excited to be fighting in Los Angeles and on HBO , '' Klitschko said .
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 , and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004 .
Mr. Daschle said the Senate had confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Mr. Bush took office .
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings , Mukhlas , as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow .
Of the unstressed women , 23 developed breast cancer and 871 did not .
On Thursday , Taiwan reported 131 suspected cases of the disease -- up 11 cases from a day earlier .
The worker 's taxable income is reduced by that amount , saving money at tax time .
The health ministers also announced plans for healthy living and tobacco control strategies .
Cruz tried to fight off officers and was hospitalized after a police dog bit him , Sgt . Steve Dixon said .
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries , while three others were treated at the scene .
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia 's sex-symbol status .
The protesters denounced the country 's supreme leader , hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
However , the group points to a number of conflicting standards and media formats .
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday , police intelligence chief Surya Dharma told reporters : `` Of course they may not go .
Some 1.6 billion shares traded on the Big Board , a 17 percent increase over the three-month daily average .
It was defeated by 297 votes to 117 , a Government majority of 180 .
TEGA is the product of University of Arizona planetary scientist William Boynton , co-investigator on the Phoenix mission .
Williams recently toured the new soccer-specific Home Depot Center in Carson , Calif .
WorldCom 's problems came to light last year , and the company filed for the largest bankruptcy in US history in July 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .
They said it affects all default installations of Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows 2003 Server .
Peter Deutsch , D-Fla. , said he wanted to congratulate the FDA .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .
One group had taken the other group 's human cargo earlier , he said .
The Iranians have until the end of the month to answer all the agency 's questions about their past nuclear activities .
She was booked out of view of the media , then released without bail until her next court appearance June 19 .
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police , strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation .
One by one they strolled to the microphone , all 251 youngsters in the 76th Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee .
In the second installment of a three-legged , record $ 58 billion refunding , the U.S. Treasury is slated to sell $ 18 billion in five-year notes on Wednesday .
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players , Carlton and Granada .
Simon & Schuster declined comment on the potential lawsuit and would not confirm the contents of the story .
`` We still have a lot to do , but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story . ''
`` They feel so happy making jokes about a mistake like that , '' Sosa said .
Harman sought to strike a balance as some Democrats pushed for deeper investigations into intelligence on Iraq 's weapons programs .
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering .
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment .
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
Baz Luhrmann 's opulent version of the Puccini opera will fold June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run and losses of about $ 6 million .
About 80 percent of Pakistan 's 140 million people are Sunnis .
The television report that cost Forlong his career at Sky News and his wife a husband was aired on March 29 .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
After a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment , Rodriguez , who was at the auto shop , agreed they should notify police .
EMC intends to operate Legato as a software division of EMC from Legato 's current base in California .
But late yesterday , the campaign and the state Democratic Party said there would be no news conference .
But the measure also requires the secretary of health and human services to certify that the reimportation can be done safely .
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until his term ends in 2006 , unless his government falls before then .
No one has found blood , bones or any other trace of the child .
When shown pictures of unfamiliar faces , adults who were shy toddlers showed a relatively high level of activity in a part of the brain called the amygdala .
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees .
Mr. Istomin was on the piano faculty of the Manhattan School of Music and participated in Professional Training Workshops at Carnegie Hall .
After a day of testimony , Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon .
A U.S. soldier was killed in the early hours Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad , and another American serviceman died Friday .
When the prime minister 's position was established in the spring , it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat .
The Swedish central bank , also meeting on Wednesday , is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point .
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski , a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528 , with the fifth pick .
Another 28 per cent cited stronger demand , while eight per cent intended to boost profits through price increases .
Hampton Township is located a few kilometers northeast of Bay City , near Michigan 's Thumb .
We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups , he said .
NASCAR will get an estimated $ 75 million a year in cash and promotional concessions .
Noah Wyle , who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994 , has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV .
Sixty-five probable cases of SARS have been identified in the United States , along with 255 suspected cases .
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse 's arrest from the local magistrate 's office .
In addition , Goldman raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share , up from 13 cents previously .
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus , the first human case in Suffolk County this year , according to the county health department .
Boeing shares fell 95 cents , or 3.3 percent , to $ 27.67 at 3:30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
On Friday , 83 strike supporters were arrested for blocking traffic .
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph , forecasters said .
After 18 months , the atorvastatin patients had no change in the plaque in their arteries .
Im very proud of the citizens of this state , said Gov . John Baldacci , a casino foe .
On March 6 , the board , most of whose members were appointed by Gov . George Pataki , unanimously agreed to impose the hikes .
Above that , Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs .
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports , and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis , the official said .
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $ 425 million and today is called MSN TV .
Byrd , speaking from the Senate floor , said he questioned `` the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . ''
It now has 600 fewer stores -- about 1,500 in all -- and a $ 2 billion loan .
More than a dozen people were killed in those attacks .
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen .
The U.S.-backed Governing Council named the cabinet of 25 ministers on Monday , most of them little-known .
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman criticized President Bush on Wednesday for a sluggish economy that has kept Americans out of work .
Forward pricing : Law that states mutual fund shares bought after 4 p.m . ET are priced at the next day 's closing net asset value .
`` They ransacked and burned the two villages completely , '' rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth .
The Standard & Poor 's paper products index .GSPPAPR was one of the leading sectors , up 2 percent .
A coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the action and is mobilising for protests .
See the complete list of VH1 's '100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years .
Western and southwestern Germany were expected to see temperatures hit 38 C ( 100.4 F ) .
In after-hours trading , Hewlett-Packard shares rose 55 cents , to $ 22.86 , according to Instinet .
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing cases on the recall , but the prospects are uncertain .
To reach Brad Cooper , Johnson County municipal reporter , call ( 816 ) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper @ kcstar.com .
`` I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination and when my car is due for maintenance , '' he said .
Since sinking to 2003 lows in early March , the Dow Jones industrial average has rallied 13.8 % .
Against the Japanese currency , the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03/14 .
Wells Fargo was not available for comment , and a Quicken Loans spokeswoman declined immediate comment .
Pearson , led by Marjorie Scardino , the chief executive , publishes its interim results this week .
`` In fact , I was physically sick several times at this stage , because he looked so desperate , '' she said .
The firewall in the current Windows XP was known as the Internet Connection Firewall ( ICF ) .
At least 11 people remained hospitalized Saturday , three of them in critical condition .
The team will help draft a plan by the end of the year to attack obesity .
For the full year , high-speed ADSL increased by 64 percent .
That was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .
The other victim , Michael Walker , of 550 Barbey Street , was struck in the neck .
In early trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94 , or 0.4 percent , at 8,945.50 , having slipped 3.61 points Monday .
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson ( nasdaq : QCOM - news - people ) jumped $ 2.88 , or 15.7 percent , to $ 21.28 .
Shares of Corixa rose 54 cents , or about 8 percent , to close at $ 7.74 .
Alcohol-related fatalities accounted for 41 percent of the total number of deaths .
His next play , Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? , lasted more than a year on Broadway and was also filmed by Fox .
PowderJect , roughly 20 percent owned by Chief Executive Paul Drayson and his family , reported surging annual profit early this month .
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results .
The Web site said Dr. Aronov had passed two lie detector tests , one administered by the police .
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database .
In Canada 's capital of Ottawa , police reported two deaths possibly linked to the power outage — a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim .
The teen was in critical condition at Sacred Heart Medical Center , police said in a news release .
From there he plans to visit South Africa and make stops in Botswana , Uganda and Nigeria .
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead .
Whitley 's attorney , Marc Garber , called the ruling `` a huge victory . ''
Ms. Kennedy Cuomo 's lawyer , William D. Zabel , said she would not comment .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which plans to appeal , was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates .
Sovereign said it expects the merger to close in the first quarter of 2004 , subject to regulatory and First Essex shareholder approval .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .
The high profile , two-week campaign was designed to show a strong police presence around London and resulted in 42 arrests , which a spokesman said was `` pretty impressive '' .
Bethany , who remained in stable condition after the attack Friday morning , talked of the attack Saturday .
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility , heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program .
It has a chequered safety record , including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths .
Traditional tests also are available at no cost today .
The woman -- who has no symptoms of illness -- donated blood Aug. 7 .
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place , preferably by repealing the entire law .
With the government grant added in , the airline earned $ 246 million , or 30 cents a share .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.67 points , or 0.17 percent , at 995.81 .
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty .
Since Sept. 11 , 2001 , the six largest airlines have lost a combined $ 18 billion .
July 10 - The Bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up a mere 0.04 of a point at 1,653 .
That measure was limited to the city of Arequipa amid protests , that killed three people , against the sale of two power firms .
Istomin later married Casals ' widow , Marta , after Casals ' death in 1973 .
The arrest was reported in The Washington Times today .
The high court reversed a decision by a U.S. appeals court that upheld the law .
The waves of scandal angered not only victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests , to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese .
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database .
The report quotes extensively from internal e-mails , including one from a former CIBC executive who described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as `` outrageous . ''
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67 , or 1.3 percent , to 1523.71 , its highest since June 18 .
A seventh person , a 21-year-old woman , was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children 's Hospital .
Last week , his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters , accompanied by rifle bullets .
Bush , however , also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans .
He had served nine years in prison , including two on death row , when he was released by a judge and pardoned by the governor .
They often complain about misconduct , '' John Goold , chief deputy district attorney for Stanislaus County said .
The official , describing the apprehension at Boston 's Logan International Airport , identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba .
`` That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of 11 September , '' the suit says .
Other Japanese banks , some of which are still being audited , could face similar scrutiny .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC crept up 5.05 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,595.80 .
He also left out any reference to amending the constitution to guarantee private property rights .
They fear the treatment would stunt the boy 's growth and leave him sterile .
The parade , which moved west along Eastern Parkway in Crown Heights past hundreds of thousands of spectators , went through the district that Davis represented .
`` But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . ''
His supporters were also infuriated that Mr Reagan was played by James Brolin , the husband of Barbra Streisand , a leading Hollywood Democratic activist .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points , or 2.89 percent , to 1,553.73 .
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53 .
U.S. companies slashed payrolls for a seventh straight month in August , raising new worries that a weak jobs market could shackle the budding economic recovery .
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were `` continuing to make significant progress '' in the case .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 1.8 points , or 0.1 percent , at 1,732.50 .
They traded down early this year to 60 percent of face value on fears Aquila may default .
Many doctors say she is in a persistent vegetative state and can not recover .
In the first quarter , SCO had reported a net loss of $ 724,000 , or 6 cents per diluted share , on revenue of $ 13.5 million .
`` He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it , '' she said .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,606.87 .
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
The discoveries came after a package bomb went off in the Bologna , Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi on Sunday .
The scientists , not surprisingly , wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how they meditate .
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23 .
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses .
Jim Guest , president of Consumers Union , said the Supreme Court did not address the merits of the case .
The first Palestinian suicide attack in Israel killed eight people in April 1994 in the centre of Afula .
`` Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served . ''
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points , or 1.07 percent , to 987.86 .
New York has by far the country ’ s most expensive Medicaid program , costing taxpayers $ 7,646 per recipient , almost double the national average of $ 3,936 .
The other main electrical goods retailers are Argos , part of GUS , privately owned Littlewoods and PowerHouse .
A total of 16.3 million lines provided advanced services , those services at speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions .
Daniel said D'Antonio left between 7:15 p.m. and 8 p.m and it takes about two hours to drive from his home to Nashville .
Flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion , while diagnostics sales fell one percent in francs to 3.57 billion .
The benchmark S & P/TSX composite index rose 29.12 points yesterday to 7,633.61 .
The move follows a recent proposal by Mr Vajpayee , whoended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic links and restoration of air services with Pakistan .
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated , saying he had faith in the US justice system .
Police investigating a deadly hit-and-run accident went to the home of Phoenix 's Roman Catholic bishop on Monday and found the windshield of his car caved in , authorities said .
He replaces Leland Brendsel , 61 , who retired as chairman and chief executive .
Its shares fell $ 9.61 to $ 50.26 , ranking as the NYSE 's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser .
One month after Hurricane Claudette pounded Texas , hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the coast as fast-moving Tropical Storm Erika churned across the gulf .
Williams recently toured the new soccer-specific Home Depot Center in Carson , Calif .
For instance , the core Java Enterprise System will cost $ 100 per employee in the US .
BA shares closed down 0.89 percent at 167-1/2 pence , slightly lower than London 's FTSE 100 Index which was down 0.28 percent .
Rescue and search operation was on to find them , Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network .
Fidelity Investments has received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer , who is investigating charges of market-timing and late-day trading in the mutual fund industry .
We 're thrilled to be up 3-2 , '' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday .
The main rebel force , the Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy , fears a peacekeeping force could bolster Taylor .
`` There are defining moments for players and organizations where you are measured .
He led Philippine police to a ton of TNT officials say was intended for attacks on Western targets in Singapore , including the US Embassy .
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent .
Kerkorian and Tracinda had also tried to take over Chrysler in 1995 .
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons : They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
Both were taken to Boston Medical Center .
He was sentenced to more than seven years in prison after pleading guilty to charges including securities fraud .
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate 's office , police said .
Rogge was a witness to Drummond 's tantrums Sunday at the World Track and Field Championships .
Claudette , the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season , hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 , classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph .
He was declared dead on arrival at Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington at 9:13 a.m .
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent , or $ 6.31 , to $ 21 , more than doubling in the last two months .
In May , Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn that seeks more than $ 20 million in damages , Hart said .
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference .
She won the talent portion singing `` If I Could '' and also won in evening wear .
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents , or 14 percent , to close at $ 4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Freddie Mac shares fell $ 1.50 on Wednesday , to close at $ 50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
He was arrested in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off .
`` I 've played Brazilian music , but I 'm not Brazilian .
`` We wanted to kind of smoke him out , to see where he was coming from , '' said Robert Schindler .
A judge branded Mohammed Dica 's behaviour `` despicable '' and added : `` There is no evidence of your remorse . ''
Yesterday , Taiwan reported 65 new cases , its biggest one-day increase yet .
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home , many chanted `` Celia , Celia . ''
One in seven 15-year-olds and nearly one in 10 six-year-olds are obese .
`` Spam knows no borders , '' said Brad Smith , Microsoft 's senior vice-president and general counsel .
Phone companies , which have argued that DSL should be subject to less regulation , had mixed reaction .
Police have arrested a `` potential suspect '' in the abduction of 9-year-old Jennette Tamayo , San Jose Police Chief William Lansdowne said Monday .
The Democrat 's 2000 platform did n't explicitly support gay marriages but backed `` the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation . ''
The question is whether there will be a hearing to determine if Bryant will stand trial .
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Mr Estrada has denied any involvement in the plot .
Before the commitee was formed , Mr Howard was defiant , saying Australia 's view on Zimbabwe `` will not be changing , irrespective of the views of other countries '' .
Advertising revenue at the Financial Times was down about 18 percent in the first half and recent months have seen little improvement .
The submission was on Monday , but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam .
The more broadly based Nasdaq Telecommunications Index rose 0.7 percent .
Still , Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company .
The collaboration gives architect David Childs , who has done extensive work with Silverstein , the lead role in developing the tower , which is to be the world 's tallest .
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side .
Mike Austreng , the editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record , said he saw one wounded person airlifted from the school and another taken away by ambulance .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,590.75 , breaking a six-day string of gains .
Marvell Technology also reported revenue of $ 168.3 million , exceeding the First Call estimate of $ 162.6 million .
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 16.74 , or 1 percent , to 1,650.75 .
Elsewhere in Europe , Philips was up 3.8 percent after saying on Friday it was seeing positive developments with its U.S. dollar sales .
It has no jurisdiction over his pay but does oversee the exchange 's regulatory powers .
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability , which affects Windows NT 4.0 , Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
The government charged that Awadallah knew both hijackers when they lived in the San Diego area .
He urged employees to `` avoid complacency '' and to `` change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . ''
Others no longer have a good view , it said , because of civilian buildings built near them .
Operating expenses fell 28 percent to $ 47.1 million in the first quarter from $ 65.8 million a year earlier .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > gained 18.35 points , or 1.13 percent , to 1,646.02 .
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday .
Messagelabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , has labeled the worm `` high risk '' and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries .
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order .
Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June , said Veritas , and will cost $ 900 per Windows client and $ 1,000 per Unix client .
Microsoft in Europe could not be immediately reached for comment .
She also thanked her boyfriend , Sgt . Ruben Contreras , who was sitting next to the stage .
`` We think it 's great news , '' said Enron spokesman Eric Thode .
The state House on Thursday approved legislation intended to clarify Michigan 's corporate takeover law .
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center , where staff said he was `` doing okay . ''
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090 , while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601 .
The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session .
HAINAN PROVINCE , China : Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said China plays an important role in the integration of Asia .
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee .
The premium edition adds ISA Server , SQL Server and a specialized edition of BizTalk 2004 .
Kao , the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to attend the conference , however , was absent from the delegation .
In the second quarter last year , AK Steel reported a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents a share .
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome has infected 8459 people , 805 of whom died .
Its capacitance sensing technology electronically reads a fingerprint ; Sony says it ca n't be fooled by paper copies and does n't require cleaning .
Officers talked with the boy for about an hour and a half , Bragdon said .
`` There are some who feel like conditions are such that they can attack us there , '' Bush told reporters at the White House on Wednesday .
That fire devastated timber on the reservation , while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities .
He said that by allowing power companies more flexibility , the Clear Skies Initiative would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution .
But Gates dismissed the challenge coming from open-source programs , including those written for operating systems such as Linux .
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation on Monday assumes command of the 4.600-strong International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) which is helping with security and reconstruction in the Afghan capital .
After the war , she spent three years under Allied arrest .
The committee will make recommendations to Publisher Arthur Sulzberger , Executive Editor Howell Raines and Managing Editor Gerald Boyd .
`` Right now , there is nothing we can do , '' Stegman said .
Microsoft last month said it is updating its MSN Messenger service in October .
Bolivia 's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday , leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread .
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects , the official said .
Johnson and four other protesters , ages 69 to 86 , were arrested for blocking the roadway .
`` It 's great to be back home , '' said Lu , dressed in a woolly coat near the blackened capsule .
The other six security agencies will report to a National Security Council headed by Arafat .
`` However , we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . ''
In `` Open Range , '' Costner plays a cowboy who works with cattleman Robert Duvall .
You can reach George Hunter at ( 313 ) 222-2027 or ghunter @ detnews.com .
Estonia was forcibly incorporated in the Soviet Union in 1940 and regained its independence only in 1991 .
Lee , 33 , said the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom .
A county firefighter , was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
Sirius carries National Public Radio , although it does n't include popular shows such as `` All Things Considered '' and `` Morning Edition . ''
At a hearing Wednesday morning , High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men released on bail immediately .
A county firefighter , was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
We 're seeing some very high levels of widespread flu infections in some places , '' said Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Gold 's bounce pulled other precious metals higher , sending silver to $ 4.83/85 an ounce from $ 4.80/82 last quoted in New York .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
A secretary for James Eisenbrandt , Wittig 's attorney , said Eisenbrandt was reviewing the report this morning .
Nobody claimed responsibility for Schaichat 's death , but police suspect that the 20-year-old soldier was abducted either by Palestinians or Israeli Arabs .
Ahead of the war , Blair cited British intelligence information that Saddam Hussein could deploy deadly chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes .
During the third quarter , Lowe 's opened 38 new stores and now has 932 stores in 45 states .
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report .
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy `` could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth '' .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $ 29.42 Thursday .
But 62 % of Catholics live in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
Muhammad , 42 , is charged in the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean H. Meyers , 53 , at a gas station in Manassas .
The advance guard of the 9,200-strong multinational stabilization force Poland will command in central and southern Iraq left Wednesday on the country 's biggest military mission in nearly 60 years .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.67 points , or 0.17 percent , at 995.81 .
Shares in Tellabs , after initially rising , were unchanged at $ 7.18 on Nasdaq shortly after midday .
Harris also appears in the tape released Wednesday by the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office .
The yield fell 7 basis points to 3.61 percent , the lowest since March 12 and within 7 basis points of a 45-year low .
Excluding the $ 56 million charge and the accounting change , Ford 's third-quarter earnings amounted to 15 cents a share .
Health officials confirmed Tuesday that a northeast Kansas woman has the state 's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River .
`` It 's hard to imagine we live in a society where parents would n't be notified of an abortion , '' Bush said .
The House passed the bill 87-26 after the Senate approved it , 32-4 .
In `` The Order of the Phoenix , '' Harry is 15 , and fully a teenager at last .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors to the board and re-elected six others .
Two Democrats , Sen. Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky , voted with the 40 Republicans .
In Lytle Creek Canyon , the rain caused several mudslides , including a 4-foot-high flow across a road that trapped a car .
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte , Peter Lyman and Hal Varian , professors at the University of California-Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems .
Since the election , the group has registered more than 400,000 voters .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 13.68 points , or 1.42 percent , at 977.27 .
`` Michael Jackson is unequivocally and absolutely innocent of these charges , '' Geragos said .
`` The nation lost a great citizen , '' U.S. President George W. Bush said Monday .
Companies expected to benefit from the funds are Fujitsu Ltd. , Mitsubishi Electric Corp. , Motorola Japan Ltd. , NEC Corp. , Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd. and Sharp Corp .
Against the dollar , the euro rose as high as $ 1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $ 1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT .
At least 40 of the outlets will be in California , and analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County .
Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart .
Of about 30 attempts to reach Mars , only 12 missions have succeeded .
Lucent 's stock was up a penny at $ 2.22 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon .
He was identified by his driver 's license and cell phone , Utah County Sheriff Jim Tracy said .
History aside , the diary reveals a colorful , witty , introspective and irreverent president outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House .
Meantime , federal authorities in Alabama said the passage of time has not hurt their case against Rudolph .
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later died , the police said .
Two other priests , the Revs Daniel C Clark and James Hargadon , and a former priest , Bruce Ewing , are awaiting trial .
A senior air force official and a member of Parliament also died in the crash , it said .
Shares of the Oak Brook , Ill.-based hamburger giant closed at $ 24.60 , up 51 cents , or 2.1 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
In a generous gesture of uncharacteristic compassion , Samudra claims : `` At that time I did n't agree because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren '' .
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) to discuss the interim structure .
After the other inmate fell , Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot , razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
On Sunday , a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded .
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez arrived at the airport in separate ambulances .
`` It 's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case , '' Sax added .
At least 13 flights out of Atlanta were listed as canceled .
The blaze , started by lightning June 6 , is considered 95 percent contained .
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser , Telemarketing Associates .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
The parents of a Briton being held hostage by Colombian rebels spoke yesterday of their optimism that he would be freed in time for his birthday next month .
McBride characterized Novell 's move as `` a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community . ''
Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night : `` We are in the process of a thorough internal review .
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
Justices Anthony Kennedy , Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented .
She countersued for $ 125 million , saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine 's financial figures .
That was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal .
The International Committee of the Red Cross , fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq , announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra .
Windows Media Player has had security problems before .
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 4-to-3 ratio on the New York Stock Exchange .
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .
Other potential suitors are not interested in acquiring only the music business .
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction , '' Gates writes .
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore .
`` He 's a known killer who was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed .
Analysts estimate peak annual U.S. sales of Xolair will top $ 200 million .
With integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers , BlueCore3-Multimedia is available in LFBGA package .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman , who announced yesterday 's ban , also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation .
Oracle shares also rose on the news , up 15 cents to $ 13.51 on the Nasdaq .
So far , authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and Michigan .
Retail sales fell 0.2 percent overall in September compared to forecasts of a 0.1 percent dip .
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share .
Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing .
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year 's final .
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain .
In contrast , he said , West Nile virus made 4,156 people ill and killed 284 in the United States and Canada last year .
Enron 's stock comprised as much as 61 % of the workers ' 401 ( k ) portfolios .
One of the shooting victims died , according to Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering .
A request for a two-month extension was denied and the Taiwan Stock Exchange is to ask the Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) to suspend trading in Mosel shares .
It said they all had criminal records for stealing cattle and Lamas was twice imprisoned for armed robbery .
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism , and they can help cut cholesterol too .
That was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .
`` A lot of things ( were said ) , but I 'd prefer to leave it on the field , '' he said .
Boudin , 60 , a former Weather Underground member , was granted parole last month despite heavy opposition by relatives , friends , and colleagues of the slain men .
Shares of Hartford rose $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Excluding food and energy prices , the PPI fell 0.9 per cent , the biggest drop since August 1993 .
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell , who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 .
Spengler replied , `` Did n't your mother die of breast cancer ?
The new group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004 .
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday to counteract the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody 's to one step above junk status .
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent .
`` This is a clear attempt to pinch money , '' said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant with U.K.-based Sophos PLC .
Its shares fell $ 9.61 to $ 50.26 , ranking as the NYSE 's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser .
Members of Kathleen Peterson 's family were not present .
Smashed cars and buses , ruined buildings , scattered debris and spot fires added to the realism .
In the first quarter , SCO had reported a net loss of $ 724,000 , or 6 cents per diluted share , on revenue of $ 13.5 million .
The 13-year veteran has passed for 21,438 yards and 118 touchdowns with 67 interceptions .
But she was expected to be a victim in a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle .
Schools that do n't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers .
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $ 659 million , or 29 cents a share , on revenue of $ 18 billion .
Finnish Finance Minister Antti Kalliomaki said : `` There is no room for a softening . ''
`` We are confident that this issue will be behind us by midyear , '' said Nestlé spokesman Francois Perroud .
From Broadway comedies like `` The Seven Year Itch '' ( 1952 ) , `` Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? ''
The t33kid.com site is registered to Parson at an address in Hopkins , Minnesota .
The pictures were taken late Tuesday and early Wednesday as the as the planet made its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years .
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
The American Association of Nursing Colleges reported that schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants last year .
Ebbers ' lawyer , Reid Weingarten , said despite the thorough investigation , `` the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions . ''
The study , conducted on the brains of developing mice , was being published today in the journal Molecular Brain Research .
Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up and later released , while Mr Pennisi thinks he may have cracked ribs .
The anguish will begin to end and the healing will commence , '' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone .
Ms. Kethley , who has repeatedly denied any infidelity , has recounted a similar story .
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation , reversing a lower court decision .
Police said there was an argument before the slaying at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9 p.m .
`` But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change , '' Dr. Goin added .
Knight has 29 interceptions in six seasons , all with New Orleans -- including a team-high five last season .
Before that the division was known as the NASCAR Grand National Series .
The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place , they are attacking us . ''
PeopleSoft 's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer .
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program , also known as LINEAR .
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio , a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it does n't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition .
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1 % .
The school had argued that it violated the state 's neutrality in religion .
He has agreed to a lifetime ban from association with an investment adviser or mutual fund .
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 6.8 percent , and the Standard & Poor 's fell 4.9 percent .
Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February , and in a 1997 Georgia killing .
Britain has said it wants to haggle over articles of the draft calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy .
The illusionist remained in critical condition Monday with a gaping wound to the neck .
Cisco shares gained $ 1.28 in after-hours trading to $ 23.08 .
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box .
The DirectBand network was developed with the assistance of SCA Data Systems .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday .
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23 .
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan , according to some opposition parties .
Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki out at the team 's morning shootaround .
Perkins and Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway declined comment Sunday night .
No dates have been set for either the civil trial or the criminal trial .
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $ 40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
McNair was stopped just after midnight by a police officer who reportedly saw his sports utility vehicle weaving on a downtown street .
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia , about 48km north ; their conditions were not immediately available .
Federal Agent Bill Polychronopoulos said last night the man involved in the Melbourne incident had been unarmed .
`` I think we should hesitate , '' Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , said at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing .
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's legal counsel , said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal .
`` Nevertheless , I believe the Patriot Act has turned out to be , on balance , a terrible mistake . ''
Gainers included Dow components AT & T , which rose 77 cents to $ 21.27 , and Johnson & Johnson , which increased 95 cents to $ 53.95 .
The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session .
The next government is expected quickly to come under pressure to hand over iwar criminals or risk losing crucial Western aid .
Staff writers Frank Trejo and Robert Ingrassia contributed to this report .
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users .
`` We 're pleased with the judge 's decision , '' said Mark Herr , spokesman for Merrill Lynch .
On the stand Wednesday , she testified that she was referring to the kissing before the alleged rape .
The group has already met several times and Gen. Garner said it probably will be expanded to include a Christian and perhaps another Sunni Muslim leader .
If passed , the measure will return to the Senate for concurrence with House amendments .
But five pools contained no traces of disinfectant leaving bathers open to cross-infection .
Analysts say Davis , a Democrat , could get a boost in the polls if the 29-day-old budget crisis is resolved without further delay .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points , or 0.39 percent , at 1,645.66 .
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she is considering the possibility of further legal action but declined to elaborate .
After striking the pedestrian , the pickup traveled south on Hemphill Street , then turned west on Drew Street going about 60 mph , Jones said .
The Fourth of July parade begins at 11 a.m. in downtown Everett , at Colby and Hewitt avenues .
The 36 employees at Think Dynamics will remain in Toronto and become IBM employees , Crowe said .
Li is the deputy chairman of Cheung Kong ( Holdings ) Ltd. < 0001.HK > .
GE 's shares closed at $ 30.65 on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Richardson and Fletcher campaign manager Daniel Groves rejected the request .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > added 0.99 points , or 0.1 percent , at 995.69 .
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said it highlighted the need for product regulation .
His lack of co-operation was allowing other JI operatives to remain at large , where they threatened further terrorist acts , Mr Dila said .
`` He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it , '' she said .
In the United States , heart attacks kill about 460,000 yearly , according to the National Institutes of Health .
`` The whole thing is a travesty , '' fumed Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
The Maine program could be a model for other states .
Nationally , the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile , including 284 deaths .
Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center , where they died a short time later .
DVD music took off , accounting for more than five percent of sales , and legitimate online music broadened its reach .
GM , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active UAW workers and 340,000 retirees and spouses .
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance .
The Columbia Accident Investigation Board has placed the blame for the accident squarely on Nasa .
`` Our policies are well-known and I 'm not aware of any changes in policy .
Derrick Todd Lee , 34 , is shown in this photo released by the police in Baton Rouge , Monday .
Khatami , who arrived in Beirut Monday , was also to visit Syria , Yemen and Bahrain .
Besides a federal judge , the criticism has mounted from environmentalists , the Miccosukee Tribe , some scientists and some congressional leaders .
Hoffine drove to the home of a friend and told her what he had done before allowing the woman and her daughter to leave , Hurley said .
On Tuesday , he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America .
The lawmakers expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday and leave Sunday for South Korea .
Most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place , the second such incident in three weeks .
The two other national rating agencies are waiting to take action .
He greeted the mayor of Miami , Manny Diaz , as `` Alex . ''
`` But success requires more than American assistance , '' Bush said in the first speech to a joint session of Philippine Congress by a U.S. president since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX added 1.14 points , or 0.12 percent , at 968.14 .
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open , often at reduced hours .
The eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky , even though all the principals will be Republicans .
The company 's goal is to offer wireless service at several hundred restaurants by year 's end .
Hampton , 39 , died in Beth Israel Hospital , Tipograph said .
The Davis administration says the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money .
Shares in GE were down 7 cents to $ 28.12 by the close of trading in New York .
At 8 p.m. Friday , Henri was becoming disorganized , but still had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph , with stronger gusts .
`` It 's a huge black eye , '' Arthur Sulzberger , the newspaper 's publisher , said of the scandal .
Truck sales for the world 's No . 2 automaker dropped 4.1 percent , while its car sales dropped 13.7 percent .
Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs was back in jail tonight after being treated in hospital for pneumonia .
NTP also said it would seek an injunction preventing RIM from selling the BlackBerry in the United States .
At 1800 GMT , the Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book summary of U.S. economic conditions .
Children get sick from drinking the water : The United Nations Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad .
Indeed , the Harry Potter series stands in a class by itself .
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work .
Infogrames is to change its name to Atari when NASDAQ opens for trading tomorrow .
At 10 p.m. Thursday , Odette was about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston , Jamaica and about 900 miles south-southeast of Palm Beach .
Congress twice sent similar legislation to former President Bill Clinton , who vetoed it .
Pat Anderson , the lawyer representing the Schindlers , declined to comment on the filing .
`` High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again , '' said Assistant Attorney General Michael Chertoff of the Criminal Division .
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase , who won democratic elections in September 2001 .
Russia has closed dozens of checkpoints on the border with China and Mongolia , which has also reported SARS cases , until June 4 , Itar-Tass news agency said .
Since Dec. 2 the U.S. military has been engaged in a large-scale sweep , dubbed Operation Avalanche , targeting the south and east of the country .
Johnston made $ 5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president , and as a part-time adviser earned $ 1 million in 2002 .
Murphy said Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , was in the courtroom at the time , but Strier was not .
The percentage of Californians without health insurance was unchanged , the report showed .
The leader of the country ’ s biggest rail union threatened industrial action today following the second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours .
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company .
`` While many good people work in the telemarketing industry , the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions , '' Mr. Bush said .
`` We strongly disagree with Novell 's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community , '' McBride said .
Desktop PC shipments also exceeded IDC 's expectations in the second quarter , Kay said .
Last month The Washington Post also launched a free tabloid aimed at younger readers called the Express .
Limbaugh 's attorney , Roy Black , has accused the State Attorney 's Office of having political motives for its investigation .
Many of the victims had been headed home for R & R or emergency leave when they were killed .
He said he had told the state police to execute a search warrant but stop if they encountered resistance .
Ahold 's U.S. shares rose 52 cents , or 9 percent , to $ 6.30 .
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women 's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 6 points , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .
The euro soared to $ 1.1914 in Asian trading , before slipping back to $ 1.1884 in late European trading , up from $ 1.1857 late Monday .
Yang was to dine on specially designed packets of shredded pork with garlic and `` eight treasure '' rice , washed down with Chinese tea , state media said .
The job had been vacant since Richard Purcell left earlier this year .
Still , Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist .
The insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling , around light fixtures or around ceiling fans , so cracks should be sealed , they recommend .
That night Jackson and his cousin , Herbert Tyrone Cleveland , went with Mallard to her house .
Those two witnesses say that Nelson confessed to killing Rosenbaum , but claimed he did it because he was drunk on beer .
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms .
In morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,310.20 , having gained 201 points Monday .
`` I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress , '' Powell told a news conference in neighboring Jordan .
The department 's stance disappointed some abortion opponents , and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush .
French President Jacques Chirac was also reported to have supported the European bid .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > shed 15 points , or 0.98 percent , to 1,492 .
`` He says he could n't stop the vehicle ... his statement is he possibly hit the gas instead of the brake , '' Butts said .
Humphries , and his father , William , arrived at IU in the early afternoon and spent the day with IU coach Mike Davis .
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton , R-Columbus , said he 'll miss the governor 's civility most .
And for the first time , all four pages of the Constitution will be on permanent display .
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate group in North America .
`` It has outraged the membership , '' said Rian Wathen , organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 9.05 points , or 0.94 percent , at 972.64 .
The NEA report , `` Status of the American Public School Teacher , '' aims to help education groups shape their agendas and mold the country 's image of teachers .
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline .
Rep. Dan Gelber , D-Miami Beach , said the bill wo n't freeze rates as its supporters claim .
Analysts have estimated that the two networks could fetch as much as $ 7 billion .
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings .
On the week , the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points , while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell .
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment .
He has a very good reputation , '' RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant .
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday .
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night .
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars .
Air Commodore John Quaife said the security operation was unprecedented .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
Australia was flat , Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent .
In the memo , Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft .
Comcast has about 21.3 million cable subscribers , many in the largest U.S. cities .
The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi Kurdish official in Kirkuk , but Gul has denied any Turkish plot .
`` We 're in the Stanley Cup finals , and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games .
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .
The women said victims of rape who came forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their attackers escaped judgment , prompting most victims to remain silent .
Oracle on Friday launched a $ 5.1 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft .
`` It 's always fun to come to Colorado , '' said Dixon , who moved into second in the IRL standings behind Kanaan .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent .
The euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday .
Stocks closed largely unchanged , with the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index dipping 1.17 points , to 1,046.94 .
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men 's release .
Despite problems in the job market , the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday .
Former prisoner of war Pfc . Jessica Lynch is winning admiration in her hometown all over again for the courage to reveal she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79 , its best advance since Oct. 1 , when it gained 22.25 .
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq : `` Americans do n't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through . ''
If the Democrat certifies that there are enough valid signatures , the lieutenant governor must call an election within 60 to 80 days .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday .
She , in turn , occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend , `` Baywatch '' hunk Michael Bergin .
`` These vulnerabilities all relate to a lack of effective FAA oversight and , if not corrected , could lead to an erosion of safety , '' said the report .
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com .
WorldCom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July , 2002 .
The star , who plays schoolgirl Nina Tucker in Neighbours , went to a specialist on June 30 feeling tired and unwell .
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment .
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc. , News Corp. 's U.S. media and entertainment arm , fell 45 cents to $ 26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud .
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002 , including 11 deaths statewide .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 9.05 points , or 0.94 percent , at 972.64 .
Best Minister , Scrimshaw , and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning .
SCO 's filings also assert that `` the GPL violates the U.S. Constitution , together with copyright , antitrust and export control laws . ''
NASA plans to explore the Red Planet with ever more sophisticated robotic orbiters and landers .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points , or 1.07 percent , to 1,640.13 .
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April .
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ''
At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed on behalf of hormone users .
Intel Corp. 's second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors .
Said Mr. Burke : `` It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances . ''
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
Arnold Schwarzenegger and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan may jump in by the Aug. 9 deadline to file .
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco , prompting outrage from smokers ' groups .
`` We hope it 's symbolic , '' said Michael Hill , a Sun reporter and member of the guild 's bargaining committee .
But there is no mention of the economic recovery or the creation of wealth during his administration .
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq .
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .
Powell changed the story earlier this year , telling officers that Hoffa 's body was buried at his former home , where the aboveground pool now sits .
Meantime , the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list .
Taiwan reported 22 new cases , for a total of 360 with 13 deaths .
Above that , seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $ 3,600 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
The study appears in the latest issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time ; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues .
Defense lawyers asked the High Court to dismiss the charges , saying the state has failed to present a solid case .
A Florida grand jury indicted 19 people for contaminating and diluting prescription drugs desperately needed by AIDS and cancer patients in a multimillion-dollar scheme , prosecutors said Monday .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after giving up more than 1 percent earlier .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 points , at 1,594.13 .
The Mobile 3200+ , 3000+ and 2800+ cost $ 293 , $ 233 and $ 193 for a thousand units .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
And it 's not in the regular season , but right now , '' Babcock said .
`` I would like the FCC to start all over again , '' said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , who expressed concern about `` potentially dangerous '' newspaper-broadcast combinations .
As we go down the licensing path , our goal is not to start suing companies , '' McBride said .
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business .
`` I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War , '' she said .
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning .
On Sunday , a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq .
David Brame shot his wife and then himself April 26 in a Gig Harbor parking lot as their two children sat in his car nearby .
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization , Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , interviewed Assan Tuesday .
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extended it to Oct. 17 .
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $ 355 million .
`` This is America , my friends , and it should not happen here . ''
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York .
SCO changed its name to Tarantella , and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group .
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves .
In Kingston , only about 15 percent of students who took the exam passed it .
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair was arrested Thursday and charged with drunken driving and possession of a handgun .
The other , much less likely semifinal will match seventh-seeded Guillermo Coria of Argentina against the unseeded Dutchman Martin Verkerk .
As expected , Dean led the field in the second quarter with $ 7.6 million raised .
Michael Jackson spoke out for the first time Sunday night since the latest accusations of child molestation .
`` I notice a mood change in their priorities , '' said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer .
With Johnson 's injury , the fight card at the Staples Center in Los Angeles is in question .
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2 .
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu .
The legislation would replace the current Texas law , which gives school districts the option of holding a period of silence and reciting the pledge .
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would `` need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken '' on organising an interim Iraqi government by June .
By law , 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island .
Both will compete in today 's third round , which is all oral examination .
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc. , according to the sheriff 's office .
Texas , which has more than three times Michigan 's inmate population , is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates .
Surrounded by singers from Harlem , Bush said : `` The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history .
`` It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan , '' says one banker .
`` I did n't think our team engaged at all , '' lamented Anaheim coach Mike Babcock .
In other markets , U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt .
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $ 614 million , according to the Thomson First Call Web site .
Sherpa Tenzing Norgay , who reached the summit with Sir Edmund , died in 1986 .
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today .
Investors reacted little , with GE shares edging 7 cents lower to end at $ 28.12 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
At least 80 will make it to Thursday 's final rounds of competition , which will be broadcast on ESPN .
Under the measure , doctors who perform the procedure would be subject to two years in prison and unspecified fines .
The Toronto Stock Exchange said it will be business as usual on Friday morning .
In the first hour of trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 27.02 , or 0.3 percent , 9,321.84 , having lost 74.81 on Friday .
Van-Vliet , who was also injured , called in the accident on the school bus radio .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 24.44 points , or 1.39 percent , at 1,739.87 .
Next week , John S. Reed , the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange , will take up his position .
Runners are often injured by bulls and 13 have been killed since 1900 .
The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer .
The central bank 's policy board left rates steady for now , as widely expected , but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness .
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections .
Navistar shares rose a penny to $ 41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $ 39.93 .
Bremer , 61 , is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger .
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report .
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents , or 1.2 percent , to $ 41.81 .
`` What has happened to you , sir , by way of punishment , is certainly more than enough , '' Covello said .
Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries , including burns , heat , bruises and muscle strain , fire officials said .
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state 's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River .
The crates are full of hardback copies of `` Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . ''
At 12:10 p.m. EDT , Canada 's benchmark S & P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29 .
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59 , or 1.3 percent , to 1,616.50 , after gaining 5.7 percent last week .
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales .
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending , set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care .
Genentech Inc. , the world 's second-largest biotechnology company , and Xoma Ltd. said they will terminate Phase II testing of their Raptiva rheumatoid-arthritis drug after finding no benefit for patients .
The new deal would be valued at $ 1.75 billion , including $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares .
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
Shares of Goodyear rose 2 cents on Wednesday and closed at $ 6.83 .
It stems from a Modesto police report .
That 's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , according to testimony .
Symptoms include a stiff neck , fever , headache and sensitivity to light .
An investment group led by former Seagram Inc. boss Edgar Bronfman Jr. is still in the running to buy the U.S. entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal SA .
The S & P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2 .
Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , also faces charges of abuse of a body , and theft .
Stefani 's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard .
The crates are full of hardback copies of `` Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . ''
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $ 56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange .
She appeared in federal court Wednesday , but did not enter a plea .
The arm was kept in a separate room , but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round , the third highest figure in U.S. Open history .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board .
Today , Dean ends his four-day , 10-city `` Sleepless Summer '' tour in Chicago and New York .
The wounded doctor , whose name was withheld , underwent surgery at the hospital for three gunshot wounds .
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier .
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters , rejecting librarians ' complaints that the law amounts to censorship .
`` But at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , '' he said .
The intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry .
`` He has n't got much choice , '' said the Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain .
The researchers gave copies of `` Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution '' to the carb-cutters .
Bruce N. Hawthorne , 53 , was named executive vice president and chief staff officer .
Some media reported that Jordanian embassy staff were killed in the attack .
The number of Americans living in poverty increased by 1.7 million last year , and the median household income declined by 1.1 percent , the Census Bureau reported yesterday .
A sibling also identified Sani , 28 , who was from the island of Sumatra , police said .
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission 's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday 's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital , where she remained critically ill last night .
He added : `` There is no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme .
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel .
Iffel was hit with 22 weapons charges and faces up to 87 years in prison if convicted .
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice 's trunk .
Al-Numan was a longtime member of the regional command of the Baath party .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70 , while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50 .
`` I know this sounds counterintuitive , but it 's true : City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees , '' U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said .
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away .
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .
The Nikkei average ended the morning up half a percent at 8,071.00 .
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures , despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s .
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $ 8.98 .
US Airways Flight 5481 , which crashed Jan. 8 , was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight .
Perkins and Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway declined comment Sunday night .
Barnes is one of three politicians honored Monday by the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum with the Profile in Courage Award .
A senior Whitehall official said recently : `` It devalued the currency , there is no question about that . . . It was a monumental cock-up . ''
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims `` may signal more favorable economic times ahead , '' she said .
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme , the militant group 's leader in Hebron .
SCO is suing IBM for misappropriation of trade secrets , tortious interference , unfair competition and breach of contract .
`` I think it will pass , '' Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , D-S.D. , said in Washington .
The results were announced at a NASA headquarters news conference Thursday and in today 's issue of the journal Science .
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium .
Nick Pollard , the head of Sky News said : `` This is a shocking blow for James 's family .
Harvey was taken to St. Luke 's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays , which came back negative .
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday 's big rally .
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years .
Both Bloomberg and Pataki said were confident electricity would be restored by the morning .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday .
The man was trapped about 250 feet from the shore , right at the edge of the falls .
Texas Instruments climbed $ US1.37 to $ US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $ US1.76 to $ US36.31 , each having been raised to `` overweight '' by Lehman .
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York .
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion .
Gordon is the senior Democrat on the House Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
Network Solutions returned the domain name back to Optima in 2001 .
The FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report .
On Tuesday , a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube .
He was arrested in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off .
`` We have been somewhat lucky , '' said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
Since early May , the city has received 1,400 reports , he said .
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation .
Shares of M & T , which is based in Buffalo , fell 41 cents , to $ 91.51 .
The meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago .
Mr Blair went on : `` I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq .
On Monday , EchoStar ( DISH : news , chart , profile ) shares shrank $ 1.40 , or 4.4 percent , to $ 30.63 .
West Nile is a bird virus that is spread to people by mosquitoes .
The company , based in Winston-Salem , reported first-quarter profit of $ 13.1 million , or 22 cents per share .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > shed 2.38 points , or 0.24 percent , at 995.10 .
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks .
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
The weekend arrest of Russia 's richest man , Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major YUKOS , on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets .
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis. , says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints .
But Staff Sgt . Georg-Andreas Pogany 's military career remains in limbo .
About 70,000 union members are on strike , including about 18,000 Ralphs employees .
The privately held Google is believed to be profitable .
Bishop O'Brien , aged 67 , had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat .
Kernan , who was O'Bannon 's lieutenant governor , friend and political partner , was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday .
Perry said he backs the Senate 's efforts , including the fines , to force the Democrats to return .
This is an increase from the $ 22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 .
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers , which include such players as Siemens AG , Sharp , Philips , Dell , Mitsubishi and Sony Corp .
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap ... .The level of it is to be debated .
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two .
Along with Boston , Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday .
Some states make them available immediately ; others keep them sealed for as much as 30 years .
Following the news , shares of the power company climbed 20 cents to close at $ 14.10 .
Under NASD regulations , Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel .
`` Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , '' Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday .
Though a federal judge in New Jersey agreed , a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit disagreed .
The original agreement , signed in August 2001 and now extended through 2006 , has enabled both companies to successfully deliver high-availability and high-performance end-to-end data center solutions .
The security official 's backup was on active duty , and the lottery association did n't have a replacement in New Jersey , Strutt said .
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago .
Other countries are owed at least $ US80 billion ( $ 108.52 billion ) .
In May 2002 , LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales .
And of those , 55 percent , or 149 , claimed to treat , prevent , diagnose or cure specific diseases -- despite the regulations prohibiting that kind of statement .
For the 12-month period ending June 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.07 points , or 0.11 percent , at 1,010.59 .
Intel Corp. , the world 's biggest semiconductor maker , narrowed its second-quarter sales forecast as demand for microprocessors is reaching the high end of the company 's expectations .
It ai n't coming to me , but it 's only about a third of what I owe in the world .
A hundred House members are needed for a quorum .
`` I´m very proud of the citizens of this state , '' Gov . John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted .
`` Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company 's earnings results , '' Buell said .
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed .
IBM shares closed up $ 1.75 , or 2.11 percent , at $ 84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Feldman presented the most recent findings and the new map Friday at the sixth International Conference on Mars in Pasadena , Calif .
`` This case is wholly without merit , both factually and legally , '' Judge Denny Chin scoffed .
Later Tuesday , Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term .
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning ; his name has not been released , Jones said .
Taiwan reported 22 new cases , for a total of 360 with 13 deaths .
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
That began on May 21 , after Penn Traffic announced it was considering bankruptcy .
Quinn was assigned to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment , based in Fort Carson , Colo .
The magazine glorifies soldiers but not the Bush administration for putting them in Iraq , calling troops the bright sharp instrument of a blunt policy .
In addition , the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving .
State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell , who is also chairman of the Assembly 's Ways and Means Committee , supports the Legislature 's budget plan .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > fell 44 points , or 0.46 percent , to 9,568 .
The third appointment was to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff officer .
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria , a Dow member , to `` neutral '' from `` buy , '' based on valuation .
They ordered state troopers to close the roads leading to her home after her motorcade passed , to prevent camera crews from pursuing her .
In seeking leniency , Waksal apologized to the court , his employees and his family .
The Standard & Poor 's Oil and Gas Exploration Index < .GSPOILP > was up 3.6 percent .
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am .
Fire Chief John Jacoby arrived , joining Moriarty at the top of the embankment .
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32 , to yield 4.067 percent .
This year there have been 4,416 confirmed cases of West Nile virus nationwide with 20 in Missouri , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
`` There are a range of risks which are being seriously examined by competent authorities , '' Mr Ruddock said .
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago .
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents , up 2 cents , or 6.2 percent , from Tuesday 's close .
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts .
Lacy 's last column appeared in Friday 's edition of The Afro .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
He received a master 's in engineering management in 1991 from the University of Central Florida .
The Bush administration wants to let governors seek exemptions from a ban on mining , drilling and logging in one-third of the national forests .
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant , who was paid by the News of the World , the court heard .
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations .
We do n't need a little bitty tax relief plan .
On Tuesday , the S & P 500 rose to its highest since early December .
`` The casting was a big key , '' says John Shaw of box office firm Movieline International .
Playwright George Axelrod , who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson 's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis , Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13 .
So far , authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and Michigan .
Besides a sales slump , Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls .
`` The EU regulatory system for GM authorisation is in line with WTO rules : it is clear , transparent and non-discriminatory .
`` We 're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy , '' said Michael Rebell , the campaign 's executive director .
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness .
In recent years , Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble , facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft .
The women said victims of rape who came forward routinely were punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgment .
Starfish is United 's second attempt at a low-cost unit within the larger company .
Treasury prices slouched lower on Friday as conflicting messages on the prospects of an aggressive cut in U.S. interest rates left some investors nursing losses and a grudge .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 13.68 points , or 1.42 percent , at 977.27 .
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .
The battle around VeriSign '' s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on .
Aventis , based in Strasbourg , France , is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it .
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress .
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange 's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .
In the second quarter , consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online , slightly increasing their share .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points , or 0.09 percent , at 1,744.91 .
Rambus Inc. ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) shot up 38 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq .
`` We are aware of the situation , '' said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg , a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle .
The U.S. administration cranked up concerns of impending natural gas shortages yesterday , a supply crunch that officials said `` will touch virtually every American . ''
Westermayer was 26 then , and a friend and former manager who knew she was unhappy in her job tipped her to another position .
If successful , it will be the first to bring back a rock sample from an asteroid , Kawaguchi said .
I never blamed a victim , I never punished a victim , '' said Brig . Gen. Taco Gilbert , the school 's former No . 2 officer .
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway .
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive .
To force a recall election of Davis , the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials .
Forest , the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco , said it had greeted The Lancet 's call with `` amusement and disbelief ' '' .
Each of those counts carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine plus restitution .
The McLean , Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $ 1.46 billion .
The Swedish central bank cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 3.0 percent .
The team has named the sensor Canary , for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields .
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers , making it hard to see , the chief said .
`` However , we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . ''
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing , but authorities later said it was a false alarm .
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to China on 1 July 1997 .
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board , the commission says .
Intel 's current Pentium 4 chips have 512K bytes of cache .
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $ 250,000 Gov . Jeb Bush proposes , said Senate President Jim King .
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless , huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold .
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares , 46 , in the Tuesday runoff .
The idiot-buddy prequel Dumb And Dumberer : When Harry Met Lloyd debuted at No . 6 , with $ 11.1 million .
That was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .
There was some counterpunching out there , Manager Lloyd McClendon said .
On Monday , China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus .
This is unacceptable , '' said Patrick Pelloux , the president of France 's Association of Emergency Doctors .
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways .
His lawyer , a cousin , Basil Russin , did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .
The PracticeWorks acquisition is expected to add about $ 215 million to Kodak 's revenue in the first full year , be slightly dilutive through 2005 , and accretive thereafter .
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public , Rosa said .
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran 's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday .
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $ 78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
His trial was moved to Virginia Beach .
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday .
The developers , The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors , hope sales top $ 1 billion .
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12 , for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida .
Some say the exotic animal trade is second only to the drug trade .
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea .
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself .
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong , the Chinese word for space .
`` Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers , '' writes Barrenas .
Max Guarino , 17 , was found April 25 in the water off City Island .
Its shares fell $ 9.61 to $ 50.26 , ranking as the NYSE 's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser .
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens , the Metropolitan Police Commissioner , placed his force on its highest alert last week .
The same survey found the median household income rose by $ 51 , when accounting for inflation , to $ 43,057 .
The department ordered Hanover Insurance to cut its rates by 31 percent .
The company had revenue of $ 2.56 billion in the first quarter of 2002 .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50 , while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50 .
Prosecutors called Durst a cold-blooded killer who shot Black to steal his identity .
Emile Laroza , 51 , contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak .
The Intel 865G chipset is priced at $ 44 with integrated software RAID , $ 41 without RAID .
It is priced at $ 5,995 or $ 195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users .
Zahid and Paveen Sharif were arrested in Derbyshire and Tabassum , Mr Sharif 's wife , in Nottinghamshire , last Friday .
Associated Press Writer Carolyn Thompson contributed to this report from Buffalo .
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war .
`` The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease , '' Manson said .
OKeefe called Bridges , a retired Air Force Major General , to ask him to switch centers on Wednesday .
Reach her at ( 248 ) 647-7221 or email lberman @ detnews.com .
The large CGT union warned France of lengthy industrial action .
The report added that `` spin '' and manipulative public relations `` are not the answer , '' but that neither is avoiding the debate .
But in Jordan and in the Palestinian Authority , only 1 percent of the Muslim population say they have a favorable opinion of the United States .
But they do n't realize that until it 's too late ( of course ) because they 're potential victims .
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night .
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open , often at reduced hours .
Police said they were checking a white articulated trailer truck found about 20 miles from the warehouse for forensic evidence .
Samudra not present in Bangkok , the indictment said , but attended a series of meetings before the attacks , recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation .
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel 's two other Republicans .
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force .
Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth .
TVT Records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars , and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency .
Server software , however , costs thousands of dollars , such as SharePoint Portal Server , which retails for $ 5,619 .
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling .
Hovan `` did not wake up that day '' intending to hurt anyone , defense attorney John Speranza said .
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
Prairie dogs , usually found in southwestern and western states , aren ’ t indigenous to Wisconsin .
At the end of the second quarter , Intel initially predicted sales of between $ 6.9 billion and $ 7.5 billion .
The highest-paid private-college president in Washington is University of Puget Sound President Susan Resneck Pierce at $ 314,160 , the Chronicle said .
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 .
The 30-year bond < US30YT=RR > firmed 24/32 , taking its yield to 4.18 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .
The Reagan , a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard .
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty , based on the former servant ’ s time with Diana , Princess of Wales .
He crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff , and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah .
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states .
The pipeline exploded only a few hours after two U.S. soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry were wounded when their Humvee vehicle detonated a land mine in the same area .
Anger grew after a police van injured several protesters by speeding through the crowd .
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy .
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal .
`` We 've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress , probably later than we should have .
Organizers established a Web site , http : //defacerschallenge.com , listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate .
`` We were seconds away from having that happen , '' Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said .
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away .
On Thursday , a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely .
If it 's the Sunday night before Comdex , it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote .
`` It 's not zero , '' said David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis .
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders , at an annual Washington summit , agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons .
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday .
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month , from 47.9 in March .
Richard Miller , 57 , survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized .
The update packages help `` automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches using one tool , '' which is unpleasantly vague .
`` Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated , '' Mackey said in a statement .
Detective Sergeant Bernie Magee said police were keeping an open mind on the disappearance .
The conference was sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to discuss ways to end world hunger and poverty .
Morales , who pleaded guilty in July , expressed `` sincere regret and remorse '' for his crimes .
Stanford ( 46-15 ) plays South Carolina ( 44-20 ) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament .
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent .
Trish York , a spokeswoman for Boeing , declined to comment on the deal .
Harkleroad was one of five American women who advanced to the third round .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
Sally Baldwin , from York , was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station .
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Thursday morning , PeopleSoft 's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer .
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours .
It 's manageable , and the integration is exceeding `` almost every expectation we set for ourselves . ''
Chante Jawaon Mallard , 27 , is charged with murder and tampering with evidence .
Innocent or not , `` she 's damaged goods , '' said Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm in New York .
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent .
Mr. Ballmer held a split-adjusted 470.9 million Microsoft shares as of Sept. 9 - second only to Chairman Bill Gates .
After a weak start , the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35 , while the S & P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59 .
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states .
`` Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , '' added the voice , which signed off giving the date as `` mid-September . ''
In 2006 , Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $ 81.8 billion .
The commission estimated California lost $ 937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .
Trading volume was extremely light at 1.05 billion shares , below an already thin 1.19 billion on Tuesday .
Corixa 's stock barely flinched on the news , dipping 12 cents to close at $ 6.88 .
At least 2,036 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed since the revolt began in September 2000 .
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room .
The attorney representing al-Halabi , Air Force Maj. James Key III , denied the charges , according to The Associated Press .
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released .
Also as part of the deal , PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol : PSRC .
`` There 's a Jeep in my parents ' yard right now that 's not theirs , '' she said .
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982 .
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday .
Spinnaker employs 83 people , most of whom are engineers .
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up , including 20 women taking hormones .
Of the 24 million phone votes cast , Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken .
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought , US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday .
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US , according to a report released by the US Census Bureau .
Shumaker was the president of the University of Louisville when he was hired by UT .
Dmitri Young was the fourth overall selection by St. Louis in the 1991 draft .
`` I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California , and I 'm looking forward to it . ''
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points , or 0.45 percent , to 1,645 .
In New York , the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97 .
Lynch , who returns to the hills of West Virigina Tuesday , also received the Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
About 24 percent of men who took the placebo , or 1,147 men , developed prostate cancer .
Leading black Democrats in Congress and the national party are protesting the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at the party 's headquarters .
One month ago in the same poll , Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent .
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home .
The disease has infected 6,583 people in over two dozen countries , WHO said yesterday .
`` It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course , '' said Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle , of South Dakota .
Another Scottsville man , Lucas Goodrum , 21 , had been arrested early Sunday .
Bulger 's brother , a former FBI informant , is now on the law enforcement agency 's `` 10 Most Wanted '' list .
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides .
Scruggs refused to comment as she left the courthouse but her lawyer , Reese Norris , called the verdict an injustice .
Harry Potter 's latest wizard trick ?
The damages included $ 24 million in compensatory damages and $ 52 million in punitive damages for IDJ .
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee .
The body had blond hair with dark roots , and was roughly the same height and build as the 5-foot-4 Ms. Aronov , the officials said .
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire , Fischi said .
Canadian officials will participate through a command post exercise .
The damaged area of the garage was not stable , with `` the real potential for a secondary collapse , '' McGreevey said .
IBM ranked second with 24 percent share there , and Microsoft ranked third .
`` Leaving aside attorney fees , we 're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses , '' said Gammerman .
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year .
In New York City , opponents of the ban are planning a protest rally at City Hall Thursday at 1 p.m .
He moved to Syria , where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs .
Sen. Thurmond `` never acknowledged his daughter and fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated .
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar .
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed , saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .
Batters faced : Franklin 25 , Kieschnick 7 , Foster 2 , Leskanic 3 , DeJean 4 , Prior 28 , Alfonseca 2 , Guthrie 2 , Cruz 7 , Remlinger 6 .
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker .
The head of the local disaster unit , Gyorgy Heizler , said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights .
A court in southern China yesterday jailed two people for life for organising a three-day sexual romp with hundreds of prostitutes by visiting employees of a Japanese company .
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the latest outbreak .
The bodies of many of the dead , pulled from under the partially derailed train , were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification .
`` I had no direct interest , and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the operation damaged the state , '' Mr. Berlusconi said .
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach .
However , we have decided to opt for the European consortium 's engine as the best overall solution . ''
The Nikkei Average closed up 42.56 points , or half a percent , at 8,227.32 .
Volume came to 439.66 million shares , below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday .
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boys ' clothes and cigarettes .
Before the war began in March , Iraq pumped about 2.1 million barrels a day .
Edie Falco was not nominated for `` Frankie and Johnny . ''
Hatab suffered broken ribs and a broken hyoid bone , according to Rawson , who is at Camp Pendleton .
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million .
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment .
Leaders from the city of Detroit , Wayne County and the Detroit Medical Center must still approve a financial plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women 's hospitals open .
`` Maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world .
Baz Luhrmann admitted it was a risk , and now the Australian director 's Broadway version of La Boheme will close on June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run .
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer , his spokesman said today .
Consumer groups oppose the changes , saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires .
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT & T Bell Labs , where he worked on superconductors and other materials .
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , with one soldier killed and six wounded .
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , '' police official J.D . Tambe told Reuters .
Smith , who faces a maximum 40 years in prison if convicted , is free on $ 250,000 bond .
The shares had risen about 16 percent in the past year .
Duque will return with Lu and Russia 's Yuri Malenchenko when they leave the station next week .
The talks were the first meeting between US and North Korean negotiators since this April .
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters .
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL .
The No . 11 airline in the world , Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1 .
`` I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law , '' he said .
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week 's actions .
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems , it can be fatal .
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb .
Mr. Jackson is not Muslim nor a member of the Nation of Islam .
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq .
The dollar dropped to $ 1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $ 1.1486 on Friday .
Studabaker told the court he would not contest extradition and German prosecutors have ruled out any charges here , meaning extradition `` could happen very soon , '' Ullrich said .
The prime minister is poised to take over the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1 .
Emile Laroza , 51 , contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997 .
That is up from $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year .
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 .
NBC will probably end the season as the second most-popular network behind CBS , which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
Nine seconds later , SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier , the company said .
Unemployment , at 6 percent , matched the highest since August 1994 .
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29 , little changed from Friday .
It 's the National Audubon Society 's annual Christmas Bird Count , now in its 104th season .
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan 's population , Shiites 20 percent .
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
The final price will be a 5 per cent discount to the volume-weighted average of trading between June 23 and July 11 .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > was off 7.75 points , or 0.08 percent , at 9,175.47 .
The last month has been a whirlwind for the 18-year-old from Akron , Ohio .
It seemed like an isolated incident , '' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington , D.C .
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003 .
`` We 're being hyper-vigilant , '' said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
Prices for Treasury securities also rose , with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent .
Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program , the MSBlast Internet worm infected more than 300,000 computers since Monday .
The plan would cost the state $ 170 million per year over the next 30 years .
Davey started attending Northwest College , which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God , in 1999 with plans to become a minister .
The pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult .
Last Thursday , the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State 's department of astronomy and astrophysics .
`` IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete '' with fast-growing economies such as China and India , Barrett said .
How would the extra premiums be collected ?
There was no immediate comment from Savage , according to a spokesman at his office in California .
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him .
Two 15-year-olds were also killed by Israeli fire and 17 people were wounded , according to the witnesses .
Witnesses said four Iraqis were killed and 14 injured during the protest and clash with British forces .
Character actor Hume Cronyn , 91 , died Sunday at his home in Connecticut .
Chief executive Tung Chee-hwa does n't answer to the people of Hong Kong .
A few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through Friday .
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better , according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday .
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and `` strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world , '' Jiménez said .
Oran Smith , president of the Palmetto Family Council , said the assassination marked the end of America ’ s innocence , giving way to the if-it-feels-good-do-it 1960s and ’ 70s .
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point .
In a show of corporate solidarity , Kroger Co. , which owns Ralphs , and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ( $ DJ : news , chart , profile ) rose 56 points , or 0.7 percent , to 8,588 .
Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with `` ELF '' and other slogans , said Sgt . Tom Wright .
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas .
A no-go from Schwarzenegger would clear the track for another Republican , former Los Angeles mayor Richard Riordan .
National City 's stock ended the day at $ 32.58 , up 9 cents , in trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet 's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them . ''
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent .
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent , from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000 .
On Monday , it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit .
Moore , the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.07 points , or 0.11 percent , at 1,010.59 .
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio , and 129,378 from InfoSpace , the survey found .
First Essex operates 20 banking offices in two counties in Massachusetts and three counties in southern New Hampshire .
According to law enforcement officials , the individual decrypted passwords on the server .
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and saying , `` Our journey into space will go on . ''
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used `` as we see fit .
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton 's audit procedures .
Following California 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans .
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday .
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled ; Dean at 57 percent .
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding .
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel .
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued .
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate .
Bethany , who remained in stable condition after the attack Friday morning , talked of the attack Saturday .
