Yucaipa owned Dominick 's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion .
Around 0335 GMT , Tab shares were up 19 cents , or 4.4 % , at A $ 4.56 , having earlier set a record high of A $ 4.57 .
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 on Friday .
That compared with $ 35.18 million , or 24 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
Shares of Genentech , a much larger company with several products on the market , rose more than 2 percent .
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March .
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73 , or 0.7 percent , to 1,514.77 .
Gyorgy Heizler , head of the local disaster unit , said the coach was carrying 38 passengers .
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business .
As well as the dolphin scheme , the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war .
`` I think you 'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years , '' he said , adding the growth could replace jobs lost .
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight ; 30 or above is considered obese .
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 < .SPX > fell 10.75 points , or 1.02 percent , to 1,039.32 .
Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station 's current crew , U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko .
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial .
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents .
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain .
Graves reported from Albuquerque , Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo .
The commission must work out the plan 's details , but the average residential customer paying $ 840 a year would get a savings of about $ 30 annually .
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year , they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s , said Caswell .
A former teammate , Carlton Dotson , has been charged with the murder .
The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein 's fallen regime .
The women then had follow-up examinations after five , 12 and 24 years .
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006 .
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company 's SmartDefense application , which is included with Firewall-1 .
American Masters : Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin ( Wed .
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call `` disturbing '' abuse of juveniles and `` unconscionable '' conditions at two state-run facilities .
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday .
`` Sanitation is poor ... there could be typhoid and cholera , '' he said .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points , or 1.4 % , at 9073 , while the Nasdaq fell 34 points , or 2.1 % , to 1610 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial ( JP:8306 : news , chart , profile ) declined 3,000 yen , or 0.65 percent , to 456,000 yen .
`` We 're just dealing with bragging rights here , who wins and who loses . ''
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne .
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer .
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps .
`` If that ai n't a Democrat , I must be at the wrong meeting , '' he said .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after scoring five consecutive up sessions .
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28 , or 0.1 percent , to 1,766.60 , following a weekly win of 3.7 percent .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50 , while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50 .
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent .
The pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult .
The resulting lists led toa CBS special , AFI 's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains , hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night .
On Friday , the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions .
The ECB has cut interest rates six times over that period , from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent .
In midafternoon trading , the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,790.47 .
The loonie , meanwhile , continued to slip in early trading Friday .
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music .
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name , based on the sessions .
`` His progress is steady , he 's stable , he 's comfortable , '' Jack said Tuesday afternoon .
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $ 1.99 billion from a year earlier .
The pound also made progress against the dollar , reached fresh three-year highs at $ 1.6789 .
Among Fox viewers , 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans , 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents .
Friday , Stanford ( 47-15 ) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0 .
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 as of 3:59 p.m .
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday .
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday .
They were found in a stolen van , said James Flateau , a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services .
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline , falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units .
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average , which fell 0.9 percent for the week .
`` This man gambled with our lives and we , the passengers , lost , '' said Andres Rivera Jr. , who was also on the bus .
The company 's operating loss rose 59 percent to $ 73 million , from $ 46 million a year earlier .
The driver , Eugene Rogers , helped to remove children from the bus , Wood said .
Gillette shares rose $ 1.45 , or 4.5 percent , to $ 33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .
Even without call center requests , companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005 .
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $ 27.45 from Thursday 's close of $ 28.91 .
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats , it said in a release .
In a statement distributed Friday , 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .
`` It 's a huge black eye , '' said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger .
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder .
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32 , lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent .
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father 's presidential library , where they would have stayed secret for a half-century .
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay .
At 8 a.m. Friday , San Joaquin County Sheriff 's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos , 37 .
Technology stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq , which fell 49.95 points , or 2.9 percent , to 1,698.02 .
Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe 's second biggest drugmaker , rose 3.71 percent to close at $ 43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange .
`` This blackout was largely preventable , '' Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said .
At last nights protest , demonstratorschanted `` tapping our phones , reading our mail , the LEIU should go to jail . ''
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo .
The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza have exceeded the usual number for recent weeks .
Outside the court , Sriyanto , who faces up to 25 years ' jail , denied he had done anything wrong .
The transaction will expand Callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent .
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads : `` Pray for Eric Rudolph . ''
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $ 5,247 annually , including miscellaneous , campus-based fees .
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing , which was carried live on national cable networks .
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years .
`` I 'm quite positive about it except I would n't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that , '' he said .
`` I started crying and yelling at him , 'What do you mean , what are you saying , why did you lie to me ? ' ''
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent .
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration , hyperthermia and suffocation .
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin , Guinea and Sierra Leone .
In December , he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $ 154 billion .
`` I 'm taking his office , and we 're gon na keep on building , '' he vowed. ``
With these assets , Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978 .
The transfers would reduce P & G 's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000 .
In court papers filed Tuesday , Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom 's use of the name , saying he had never given his consent for it to be used .
Glover said the killer used a `` peculiar slipknot '' on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims .
`` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , '' said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , D-S.D . `` I do n't see much broken . ''
Media Editor Jon Friedman contributed to this story .
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs , down 0.60 percent .
Instead , Weida decided that Meester 's case on charges of rape , sodomy , indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial .
`` Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state , '' Mr Berlusconi said .
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points , or 1.07 percent , to 1,640.13 .
`` It 's going to happen , '' said Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol .
The moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century .
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .
In early U.S. trade , the euro was down 1.06 percent at $ 1.1607 < EUR= > .
`` Deviant cannibalistic tendencies '' were the primary motivation for the murders , and Brown 's body was mutilated , authorities said .
Bush wanted `` to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , '' White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday .
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister , Mahmoud Abbas , will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government 's achievements in its first 100 days in office .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
`` I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , '' Mr. Limbaugh told his audience , which numbers 22 million listeners a week .
Three-year-old Jaryd Atadero vanished on Oct. 2 , 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group .
SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 23.45 points , or 1.44 percent , to end at 1,603.97 , based on the latest data .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points , or 0.33 percent , at 1,662.91 .
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards .
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement .
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $ 400 per CPU , scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs .
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River .
One question was whether France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war , would vote `` Yes '' or abstain .
`` Jeremy 's a good guy , '' Barber said , adding : `` Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete .
Ratliff 's daughters , Margaret and Martha Ratliff , were adopted by Peterson after their mother 's death .
He has also served on the president 's Homeland Security Advisory Council .
`` And if there is a leak out of my administration , '' he added , `` I want to know who it is .
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier , the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81 , or 0.2 percent , at 9,340.45 .
ECUSA is the U.S. branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion .
Attorney John Barnett , who represents Morse , showed photos of a scratch on Morse 's neck and the officer 's bloody ear .
In early afternoon trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,381.79 .
Currently , the state 's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926 .
Likewise , the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus .
The Yankees , however , had big trouble handling Victor Zambrano ( 4-4 ) for the second straight time .
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November , when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients .
Freeman 's civil hearing may be , on the surface , about a driver 's license .
He has no immediate plans for television advertising , believing it is unnecessary this early .
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday .
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell , 32 , and climbing companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning .
In 2001 , President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors .
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002 , the agency says .
This week 's tour will take Bush to Senegal , South Africa , Botswana , Uganda and Nigeria , and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad .
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones .
Five more human cases of West Nile virus , were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday .
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS , although it 's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic .
In Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany 's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange .
It was the 23-9 Yankees ' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season .
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada , for a starting price of about $ 12,700 .
History will remember the University of Washington 's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible .
In the United States , 20.7 percent of all women smoke .
But he will meet the French President , Jacques Chirac , privately .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .
Sen. Bob Graham , Florida Democrat , raised $ 2 million after getting a late start .
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits , according to a survey released Monday .
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush .
It 's also a strategic win for Overture , given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google 's services .
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson ( nasdaq : QCOM - news - people ) scrambled up $ 2.19 , or almost 12 percent , to $ 20.59 .
McKnight 's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child 's death .
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska .
`` In relation to the second paper , one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work .
The court then stayed that injunction , pending an appeal by the Canadian company .
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight .
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq .
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center , and the extent of his injuries was not available , Bragdon said .
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $ 22 million .
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella , 31 , Mary , 33 , and James , 25 by his wife Linda , who died from breast cancer in 1998 .
In recent years , Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble , facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft .
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months .
PeopleSoft gained 94 cents , or 5.5 percent , to $ 18.09 .
`` Canada is a small country , and it needs companies like this , deals like this . ''
Revenue rose to $ 616.5 million from $ 610.6 million a year earlier .
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . ''
Reuters reported Braun ended June with $ 22,126 in the bank , according to her FEC report , and the Rev . Al Sharpton reported $ 12,061 in the bank .
After learning she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy , Allison Smith reacted with panic .
Darren Dopp , a Spitzer spokesman , declined to comment late Thursday .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years .
Against the dollar , the euro rose as high as $ 1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $ 1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT .
Shares of Berkeley , California-based Xoma dropped $ 1.49 or 27 percent , to $ 4 in Instinet trading .
The Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the eighth for four runs and a 12-5 bulge .
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member , welcomed his release .
In that same time , the S & P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent .
On Monday , U.S. Army Pfc . Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center .
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94 , after advancing 111.04 Wednesday .
Aside from meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum , Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov .
`` Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , '' Fraley said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .
Shares of USA Interactive rose $ 2.28 , or 7 percent , to $ 34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year .
As of Tuesday , almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine .
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options , which were accelerated for delivery next year .
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport , sources said .
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > tacked on 5.91 points , or 0.29 percent , to 2,053.27 .
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade .
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index gained 25.75 points , or 1.5 percent , to 1,746.46 , its highest close in about 15 months .
In 1998 Intel invested $ 500 million in Micron , but later sold the equity it had bought , Mulloy said .
In the second quarter , Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE , down from 48 million BOE .
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week , I 've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive , '' he said .
`` It 's just too important to keeping crime down , '' he said of Operation Impact , which began Jan. 3 .
Iraq 's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein 's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April .
Nationwide , severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people , about two-thirds of world 's total , and killed 343 of them .
Under the settlement , Solutia will pay $ 50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years .
After Mao 's death in 1976 , Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution .
Six vehicles , including one belonging to the army , were damaged in the powerful explosion .
If convicted , they face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts .
Germany 's Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein , but had no further details .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30 , or 1.1 percent , while bond values fell , too .
Proving that the Millville son 's sacrifice would not go unsung , Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days .
Pratt & Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe , with final assembly in Germany .
McCabe said he was considered a witness , not a suspect .
Robin Saunders , head of the bank 's London-based principal finance unit , is also expected to quit .
But the new study , from the Women 's Health Initiative , said the opposite .
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home .
Now , Blanca 's American husband , 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk , faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government , which says he 's the leading suspect .
A key question was whether France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war , would vote `` Yes '' or abstain .
`` Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying very seriously , '' he added .
On Wall Street , trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City .
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja .
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh , of Phoenixville .
Levin 's attorney , Bo Hitchcock , declined to comment Friday .
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded .
Associated Press Writers Michelle Morgante in San Diego and Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article .
On Saturday , a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski 's world record .
She said Nelson heard someone shout , `` Let 's get the Jew ! ''
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel .
It forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March .
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
More than 400 people have been killed since August , including Afghan and foreign aid workers , U.S. and Afghan soldiers , officials and police , and many guerrillas .
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index gained 16.02 points , or 1.62 percent , at 1,004.63 .
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server , as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis .
They said many had been beaten , and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients .
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $ 1.5875 GBP= .
Holden toured Northmoor , a small town in Platte County , Mo. , where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed .
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry .
The street-racing sequel `` 2 Fast 2 Furious '' won the pole position at the box office , taking in an estimated $ 52.1 million in its opening weekend .
Two weeks later on New Year 's night , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment .
With the power back on , state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning .
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines , and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas .
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday .
Both bidders agreed to assume about $ 90 million in debt owed on the planes .
In 1999 , the building 's owners , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 { inches .
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial 's HealthPark campus , he said .
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring 's shareholders , on a fully diluted basis .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders .
Shattered Glass , '' starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass , debuted well with $ 80,000 in eight theaters .
With the test , Hubbard said , `` I believe that we have found the smoking gun .
Scribner 's body was found floating in the city 's Portage Bay , where he lived with his wife in a houseboat .
The Pentagon , saying that Boykin requested it , is investigating his remarks .
However , EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure .
Eyewitnesses told how Sally , 62 , originally from Coatbridge , Lanarkshire , screamed as the escalator collapsed then sucked her in .
The United States has accused Iran of masking plans to make nuclear weapons behind a civilian nuclear programme .
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading , according to antivirus companies .
Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson .
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency .
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .
Tidmarsh will compete in today 's third round .
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle , Turcotte said .
Mr Eddington described Monday 's talks with union leaders as `` sensible '' .
During the same quarter last year , EDS declared a profit of $ 354 million , or 72 cents per share .
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them .
The administration cited those links as primary justification for invading Iraq and toppling the regime of Saddam Hussein .
Bremer will focus on the politics , Garner said , adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week .
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit , where several children went to the water 's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon .
Island Def Jam must pay $ 52 million in punitive damages , and Cohen must pay the remaining $ 56 million , the jury said .
However , Lapidus expects foreign brands ' sales to be up 4 percent , driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co .
Excluding one-time items , the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share .
Woodley , who underwent a liver transplant in 1992 , died of liver and kidney failure .
Just five months ago , Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt .
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday .
Indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM 's battle for independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points , or 2.2 percent , to 1,826.33 , after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 26/32 , taking its yield to 4.17 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .
The shooter ran away , police said , eluding an officer who gave chase .
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola 's sales last year , and the company has large manufacturing operations there .
Founded in 1996 , the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks , lenders , and brokers .
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing .
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe 's second highest per capita national debt .
`` We continue to work with the Saudis on this , but they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . ''
We do n't know if any will be SARS , '' said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia , from Kate 's first marriage , to film producer Jim Threapleton .
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops .
`` The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass , who while manifestly repentant , admitted that the allegations were true .
But for more than a century , an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation 's poorest residents was lost , stolen or never collected .
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA , compared with 70 cases on June 6 .
The constitutionality of outlawing partial birth abortion is not an open question .
The Legislature on Wednesday sent Gov . Jeb Bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state .
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida 's prison system .
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday .
Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half , Bragdon said .
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up .
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) vulnerability .
The man , who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m. , gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m .
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne , recovering from a quad bike crash , is conscious and joking in his hospital bed , his daughter Kelly said tonight .
The New York senator 's new book , `` Living History , '' appears a certain bestseller .
The company 's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04 .
He will replace Ron Dittemore , who announced his resignation April 23 .
Pen Hadow , who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada , has just over two days of rations left .
Many of the victims had been headed home for R & R or emergency leave when they were killed .
`` It 's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap , '' King said .
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000 .
Out of the nearly $ 20 billion , $ 18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $ 1.2 billion for Afghanistan .
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City .
That compares with a profit of $ 1 million , or breakeven , on $ 1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year .
The company reported quarterly revenue of $ 388.1 million , compared with $ 318.5 million in the same period a year ago .
Under the plan , Maine would act as a `` pharmacy benefit manager '' to lower the cost of prescription drugs .
Nine years ago , they were married by a justice of the peace .
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats , researchers found .
About 1,417 schools statewide receive Title I money .
The book , called `` Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them : A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right , '' hits stores this weekend .
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT ( 1300 GMT ) , the euro was at $ 1.1566 against the dollar , up 0.07 percent on the day .
Previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years , up two years since 1990 .
`` We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty , not crush religious liberty , '' said Patrick Mahoney , director of the Christian Defense Coalition .
Courant Staff Writers Matt Eagan and Ken Davis contributed to this story .
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S. , AP said .
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , as were schools , and much of the region 's transportation network was slowed .
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him .
Regardless , its first quarter saw a profit of $ 721 million , or 29 cents , on revenue of $ 17.9 billion .
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points , or 0.1 percent , at 9,558.92 .
`` I do n't know if the person I 'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules , '' Parrish said .
The winner of this year 's Most Popular New Talent Logie , Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell .
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq .
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R & D center in Munich , Germany , to increase profitability .
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure , except as a lifesaving step .
This was around the time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war .
But Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide , rather than consider the possibility of murder .
Sixty players and five coaches from the school attended the training camp in August in Preston Park , about 125 miles north of Philadelphia .
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls .
One , Capt . Doug McDonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November .
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better , many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004 .
The dollar was last at $ 1.1149 to the euro , close to its strongest level since April 30 .
The United States finally relented during President Bush 's visit to Africa earlier this month .
In September 2002 , the nearby Gard region was hit by similar floods .
Analysts had expected 53 cents a share , according to research firm Thomson First Call .
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV , the virus that causes Aids , increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000 .
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent .
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal .
Songs can be burned to CDs , but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple 's puts the limit at ten burns .
Shares of EDS gained $ 1.49 , or 6.6 percent , to $ 23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
The deficit is still expected to top $ 500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy .
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers .
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year .
The company 's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq .
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share .
Mr Hadley , who has a new partner and child , said : `` I am absolutely delighted .
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states `` with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary '' on the matter .
A divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress can force the nation 's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters .
Under NASD regulations , Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel .
One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee following the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > rose 98.74 points , or 1.12 percent , to 8,949.00 .
Analysts ' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $ 2.08 a share , excluding one-time items .
Responding later , Edward Skyler , a spokesman for the mayor , said , `` The comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts .
Goold said reporters ' calls to Peterson may have been monitored .
The state 's population was 6,080,485 in 2000 , according to the U.S. census .
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $ 232.8 million .
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week .
At least seven other governments have signed agreements , but have asked not to have them publicized .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points , or 0.29 percent , to 1,071.99 .
The redesigned Finder also features search , coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and UNIX file servers .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives .
Officials at Mortazavi 's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters ' requests for comment on the accusations .
Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism ( Suem ) .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points , or 0.35 percent , at 967.00 , also its highest close so far this year .
One way or another , Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix will be in your hands by Saturday .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 advanced and Britain 's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent , while Germany 's DAX index rose 0.6 percent .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99 , or 0.2 percent , to 1,682.72 , following a two-day win of 55.93 .
Dr. William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs , said the vaccine poses little danger .
There was no way the man could hear him , but he turned in the rescuers ' direction , forlorn , hopeless .
A final decision on his fate , including the power of the death penalty , lay with President Bush .
`` And about eight to 10 seconds down , I hit .
`` I´m very proud of the citizens of this state , '' Gov . John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted .
That was a reversal from a loss of $ 35 million , or 20 cents , a year earlier .
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements , we can scatter them , we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there .
Lewis , the WBC champion , can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent .
The market 's broader gauges also posted big gains , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster .
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm -- and no shares of PalmSource -- for each share of Handspring common stock .
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $ 21.49 , up 78 cents , or 3.8 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
It doesnt appear the children struggled , Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday .
In Washington on Sunday , FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf .
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive .
Months later , another clinic doctor , Dr. Wayne Patterson , was killed away from the clinic .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent .
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath .
Durst was acquitted this week in the murder of his elderly neighbor , 71-year-old Morris Black .
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high , at $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20 .
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer .
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's underwear .
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August 's mark of 6.6 percent .
`` And they will learn the meaning of American justice , '' he said to strong and extended applause .
With the economy sluggish , producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices .
In next week 's drill , `` our objective is to improve the nation 's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event , '' Ridge said .
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share .
`` They are trying to turn him into a martyr , '' said Vicki Saporta , president of the National Abortion Federation , which tracks abortion-related violence .
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement .
BOB HOPE , master of the one-liner and Americas favourite comedian , died with a smile on his face yesterday just months after celebrating his 100th birthday .
Prior to joining Kodak , Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp. , where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo .
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor 's focus is on his job , not the recall petition .
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley .
Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $ 1 million fine .
The dollar 's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen 's rise .
Meester , a 20-year-old sophomore , could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape , forcible sodomy , indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors .
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders .
Democratic Lt. Gov . Cruz Bustamante and Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock are in different political worlds .
And Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore , who installed the monument in the courthouse two years ago , said he will fight to keep his job .
Shares of National were losing 95 cents , or 3.9 % , to $ 23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday , anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season .
`` This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity , '' Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release .
`` We have n't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this is an experiment worth introducing , '' said David Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
BaFin and the head of the principal finance group , Robin Saunders , were not immediately available to comment .
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce .
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls .
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days .
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department .
In fiction : Edward P. Jones ( `` The Known World '' ) and Scott Spencer ( `` A Ship Made of Paper '' ) .
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel .
It will cost about $ 20,000 per eight-week course of treatment , comparable to other injected cancer therapies , a spokeswoman said .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT , having marched up to $ 369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10 .
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks .
On Jan. 10 , Shawanda Denise McCalister , who was also pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighbourhood .
Scientists have reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world 's oceans since a half century ago .
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17 , or 1.4 percent , to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session .
Among three major candidates , Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters .
A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge 's opinion was released .
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $ 118 million in three rounds of venture financing .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > added 28 points , or 0.27 percent , at 10,557 , hitting its highest level in 21 months .
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition .
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002 .
Mel Gibson 's passion-stirring Biblical epic `` The Passion of Christ '' will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar .
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father , Manuel Gehring .
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale .
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today .
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide .
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath .
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson .
The poll , conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton , was taken Wednesday and Thursday .
`` It is bad for Symbian , '' said Per Lindberg , analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein .
`` I think it should have been released years ago , '' said Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , was killed at Columbine .
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites , blacks , people 18 to 24 , and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide .
Bob Richter , a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick , had no comment about the ruling .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 8.27 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,633.53 .
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Atlanta also refused to comment .
Blair has said there is not `` a shred of truth '' in allegations the government manipulated evidence , and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry .
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster .
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them .
Currently , about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea .
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve , returning to an empty house .
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight .
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row .
Also missing is Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas , who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike .
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry .
Debra Mitchell , a member of the church , said Wilson had recently lost her job .
`` I have heard the people of New York say , 'Enough is enough , ' `` Pataki said. ``
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her .
We caught this ... and have n't sent it into the blood supply , '' said Dr. Dale Towns , CBS Calgary medical director .
The Senate 's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law .
The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels .
The crates are full of hardback copies of `` Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . ''
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday , capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France 's highest official on the Mediterranean island , officials said .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after giving up more than 1 percent earlier .
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year 's presidential elections .
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $ 3 million of more than $ 5 million needed .
Lee Janzen , who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 and tied for sixth .
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of waste thought to contain transuranic waste are stored underground at Hanford .
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine , '' Gov . Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton .
Less than 20 percent of Boise 's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed .
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin , a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber , Amrozi .
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday .
The Bank of England starts its two-day meeting on Wednesday , but was expected to leave British interest rates steady .
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $ 64.2 million , or 27 cents per share , in the quarter ended May 30 .
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept .
`` And if that ai n't a Democrat , then I must be at the wrong meeting . ''
President Bush raised a record-breaking $ 49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months , with contributions from 262,000 Americans , the president 's campaign chairman said Tuesday .
He also called Hovan a `` person of good reputation '' who had worked as a bus driver since 1967 .
The 30-year bond < US30YT=RR > was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent , up from 4.89 percent late Thursday .
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter , but no possibility had been ruled out .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , up from 4.23 percent .
The service also features a `` self-healing '' option that can provide continuous access to critical applications .
Consolidated volume was heavy , with 2.17 billion shares traded , compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday .
`` There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there 's not one person who 's responsible here , '' Gehman said .
H. Carl McCall , co-chairman of the exchange 's special committee on governance , resigned Thursday , saying Reed should start with a `` clean slate . ''
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours .
Associated Press Writer Curt Anderson at the Justice Department in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this story .
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .
`` We 're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion 's share of union support . ''
On Jan. 10 , 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister , who also was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood .
After the further analysis of the subset data , the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed .
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates , 01-1806 .
Bad publicity has already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers .
Turner , who held about 105 million shares before the sale , also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust .
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own ; it is `` in the hands of Mr Newton now '' , as an astronaut once put it .
Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel , a Tribune Publishing newspaper , contributed to this report .
At 5 p.m. EDT , Grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi .
The National Transportation Safety Board has subpoenaed Gansas , arguing his immediate testimony remains critical to its investigation .
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region , with thousands deployed in and around the town .
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains , up 19.96 to 9,092.91 , while the S & P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25 .
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others .
Security forces stormed the building , but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers .
So far , Georgia has been returned all but $ 70,000 of the money it wired .
Morrill 's wife , Ellie , sobbed and hugged Bondeson 's sister-in-law during the service .
The US responded coolly to the EU deadline , warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers .
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow .
Water management officials in Florida were worried about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes , because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding .
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed .
This was double the $ 818 million reported for the first three months of 2001 .
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were `` victims in this . ''
And yes , Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story , titled `` Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . ''
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month , up from 45.4 in April .
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center , which specializes in rocket engine research and testing , since August .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday .
Last year , he was forced to repay $ 3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers .
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April , the biggest monthly gain since December .
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier .
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew .
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday .
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior 's first $ 2,000 in drug costs after a $ 250 deductible .
His birth on 4 May is revealed today in the journal Science .
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
Shares of LendingTree soared $ 5.99 , or 40.1 percent , to $ 20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows .
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland .
However , scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree .
At midday Monday , the 10-year note US10YT=RR had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent .
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles ( 110 km ) outside of La Paz .
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States .
The euro < EUR= > was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $ 1.18 .
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl , which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington .
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year .
Christina 's aunt , Shelley Riling , said the defense 's claims were preposterous .
`` This is extraordinarily fast , '' said Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases `` went from zero to 30 '' in 1995 .
The 30-year bond < US30YT=RR > firmed 24/32 , taking its yield to 4.18 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .
But the prime minister told the BBC he was n't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right .
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent .
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia , industry , government and the public .
The judge 's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court .
Hoy confirmed the woman 's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family .
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as `` a new beginning as far as the courts , Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned '' .
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines .
`` Let 's show we wo n't let them off , '' said Marc Blondel , leader of the Force Ouvriere union .
GE stock closed at $ 30.65 a share , down about 42 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
An artist who painted a fake `` CAUTION Low Flying Planes '' sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone .
Utah 's median household income also took a hit , falling 1.8 percent , from $ 48,875 to $ 47,978 .
Larger rivals , including Tesco and Sainsbury ’ s , were excluded from the bid battle following a Competition Commission inquiry last month .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points , or 1.07 percent , to 987.86 .
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania and Washington .
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists , searching for evidence of past water .
Davis , who appointed all of the PUC commissioners , called the proposed settlement `` too expensive for the ratepayers .
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls .
Spot gold was fetching $ 365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT , having galloped as high as $ 368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10 .
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph , forecasters said .
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents , the Journal story said .
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch , where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church 's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration , worshippers said .
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .
He is accused of obstructing justice , witness tampering and destroying evidence .
The victims included seven Lebanese , four Egyptians , one Saudi and one Sudanese , the ministry official said .
Marissa Jaret Winokur , as Tracy , won for best actress in a musical .
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat .
For proof , look no further than this week 's Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas .
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit , Saddam Hussein 's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters .
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer , also to take effect by Jan. 1 , 2004 .
The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies .
`` These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate , '' Bush said , adding that the United States will find the killers .
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $ 3,450 .
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago 's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July .
Q : Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away ?
Results from No . 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) were likely to be in the spotlight .
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale 's dining halls to close .
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday .
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $ 27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade , while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $ 49.42 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000 .
The contractors convicted last month , Brian Rose , 36 , and Joseph Quattrone , 35 , are to be sentenced in January .
A monthlong grace period in New York City ended May 1 , and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines .
First , it 's found in most versions of Windows , including the new Windows Server 2003 .
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores , and has annual revenue of about $ 15.8 billion .
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning : bloody diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramping and nausea .
The parents want her kept alive ; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
However , Hayes , the CDC official , said there are many complicated interactions in play .
Microsoft , which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February , said a fix for the problem is not around the corner .
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment .
In his female disguise , the real estate heir used the name Dorothy Ciner , a childhood friend .
Its shares fell 71 cents , or 3.5 percent , in after-hours trading to $ 19.55 .
Last week , his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points , or 0.27 percent , to 1,735.34 , according to the latest available data .
Available July 7 , the software supports the Solaris , IBM AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems .
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote , while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent .
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he 's also capable of big games , scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic .
The first trial of a suspect in last year 's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today , Sky News reported .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points , or 0.68 percent , at 9,270.70 .
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities .
`` Accordingly , there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism .
At 5 p.m. EDT , the center of Hurricane Fabian was located near latitude 15.7 north , longitude 45.2 west or about 1,075 miles east of the Lesser Antilles .
Californias rate was 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002 .
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month .
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office was not available for comment .
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence .
The nine states are Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Nevada , Oregon and Washington .
`` We do not use service members as guinea pigs , '' William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs , told a Pentagon briefing .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points , or 0.1 percent , at 1,012.67 .
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300 .
And it 's going to be a wild ride , '' said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
`` This is very serious , '' said Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Shelley 's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him .
Arguing that the case was an isolated example , Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo 's ban is not justified on scientific grounds .
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004 .
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
AMD 's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $ 402 million .
Responding , Edward Skyler , a spokesman for the mayor , said later : `` The comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts .
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church .
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military .
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out .
Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault .
Shiite Muslims account for about a third of Quetta 's of 1.2 million people .
About 24 percent of men who took placebo , or 1,147 men , developed prostate cancer .
Friends said Frank Riva worked in construction in Manhattan and recently helped his son get into the construction workers union .
A panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California 's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling last December .
Cardenas and Estrada , who is on trial for economic plunder , have denied any involvement .
The MPx200 , which will sell for $ 299.99 , is now available through AT & T Wireless ' mMode service .
The WHO experts did n't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas .
The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón , 29 , Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta , 22 , and Yosvani Martínez Acosta , 27 .
`` I do not wish to be present during this witness , '' he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami .
About two hours later , his body , wrapped in a blanket , was found dumped a few blocks away .
The Satellite 's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels , Toshiba said .
The average American makes four trips a day , 45 percent for shopping or errands .
The key vote Thursday came on the dividend tax provision offered by Sen. Don Nickles , R-Oklahoma .
Because of that , the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother , police said .
She also thanked her boyfriend , Sgt . Ruben Contreras , who was sitting next to the stage .
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre .
His coalition also passed some of the world 's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs .
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $ 45.9 billion .
If Poland , Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels , the basis for a deal could be found .
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining , describing and indexing information contained in the database .
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest .
And the First Amendment does n't say that the free exercise of religion is allowed — except in government buildings .
The victim , who was also not identified , was taken to Kings County Hospital in `` extremely critical '' condition , Czartoryski said .
Witnesses from Malaysia will testify Thursday in the treason trial of cleric Abu Bakar Bashir , said to be the leader of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah .
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out .
In March , 67 percent connected through cable , up from 63 percent a year earlier .
Close behind was India , 14.3 percent , followed by Thailand and the Philippines .
Andrew Sugden , an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science , described the find as a `` milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents '' .
The 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points , or 0.99 percent , to 988.61 .
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal , used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign .
The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows .
The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies , and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates .
By 2040 , the county 's population is expected to be 985,066 , compared to the 2000 population of 860,454 .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , whose country holds the rotating EU presidency , said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month .
But Islamic Jihad 's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing , saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire .
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation , but Sturdivant would not be involved .
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia .
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row .
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement : `` We had a big contract negotiation .
Police official S.K . Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded .
I 've still got a fighting chance , though , '' Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully .
`` Everything was decided in advance , '' said one of the men , Thierry Falise , a Belgian photographer , as he arrived in Bangkok .
Based on a separate survey of households , the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
Likewise , the 30-year bond < US30YT=RR > slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slipped 16/32 in price , sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday .
That package included increases to both the city 's sales and income taxes .
When asked where the weapons were , Rice said : `` This is a program that was built for concealment .
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility , heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program .
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter .
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $ 44.01 .
A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed .
The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft .
Combined , the companies will have about $ 2.8 billion in annual revenues , 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries .
Only 66 years old , Brooks was killed on Monday , Aug. 11 , 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota .
Prince is replacing Sanford `` Sandy '' Weill , who will remain Citigroup 's chairman .
`` But the First Amendment does not shield fraud , '' Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court .
Cubs manager Dusty Baker sees his slugger struggling .
Without comment , the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore 's appeals .
`` I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win , '' Woods said .
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted , Goold said .
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks .
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for .
Variable annuity sales were $ 4.2 billion , 82 percent higher than a year ago .
But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow 's impact on currencies , saying his comments were not reflective of Washington 's policy and were merely an observation about the economy .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground , falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76 .
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria , a Dow member , to `` neutral '' from `` buy , '' based on valuation .
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals .
Dayton finished 24-6 last season , won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No . 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament .
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable 's use .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $ 44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $ 28.15 billion .
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
Justice Clarence Thomas , joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia , dissented .
The department told airlines `` the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent .
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003 .
Graham , a presidential candidate , was criticized by several Republicans as `` politicizing '' the report .
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine .
It features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels .
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides .
The Globe reported that Smiledge has n't spoken with his son , Joseph Druce , in eight years .
Sean Harrigan , president of the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , also suggested paring down the NYSE 's 27-member board , changing its composition and making it more accountable .
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month .
`` But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians , and that is not what we 're seeing . ''
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270 , Franklin County sheriff 's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said .
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition 's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the best-known ancient Egyptians .
Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday , joining a growing number of cities around the country .
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth 's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry .
Dennehy , 21 , has n't been heard from in more than two weeks , and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points , or 2.09 percent , to 8,781.35 , ending at its highest level since mid-January .
Anyone with information on Lopez can call O'Shea at 561-688-4068 or Crime Stoppers at 800-458-8477 .
The Institute for Supply Management 's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April , reports said .
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia , Liberia , on Monday .
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case .
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close .
The caretaker , identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon , was believed to be among the nine missing - some of them children .
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases .
Broomhead , 34 , was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment .
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski , the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection .
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89 .
July 18 : Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant .
White , who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure , died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m. , said manager Ned Shankman .
Fifty-seven percent were Hispanic , 10 % were Asian , 7 % were Black , 16 % were Caucasian , and 10 % were of other ethnicity .
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke .
Ebert asked Franklin , pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo .
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions , including shows in the US last year and in Brazil , South Africa and several European countries .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points , or 0.30 percent , to 995 .
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher .
But the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others .
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch .
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $ 210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval .
Andy Savage , who is representing Renee Britt , asked the jurors to `` give her a fair shake .
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so .
Leung , who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted , also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights .
Mizuho 's ( JP:8411 : news , chart , profile ) shares closed up 3,500 yen , or 4.8 percent , to 76,800 yen .
A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the `` most prolific Internet groomer ever caught '' has been jailed for five years .
`` Now , the other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , '' Street said to crowd laughter .
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent .
On July 10 , a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad .
A demolitions expert for JI , al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 .
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar .
Boeing 's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines .
Bo Hitchcock , Levin 's attorney , declined to comment Friday .
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains .
Nissan North America announced yesterday that it will spend $ 250 million to expand its Smyrna assembly plant to bring production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee .
`` It ends tonight , '' a grim Keanu Reeves announces , in the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions .
Klitschko said : `` I 'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis .
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and `` I do n't see much broken . ''
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings , Mukhlas , to Farida , a `` highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman '' .
Of 456 women who had experienced stress , 24 ( 5.3 % ) had developed breast cancer .
Taiwan reported 18 additional cases giving it a total of 149 cases and 13 deaths .
Workers ' taxable income then is reduced by that amount .
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control .
He tried to fight off officers and was taken to a hospital after a police dog bit him but was later released .
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday 's incident .
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups .
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country 's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei 's death .
A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage .
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday , police intelligence chief in Aceh , Surya Dharma , told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission .
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board , a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago .
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons .
Peter Smith , a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona , leads the $ 325 million Phoenix mission .
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12 .
WorldCom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July , 2002 .
The vulnerability affects NT 4.0 , NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
Rep. Peter Deutsch , D-Fla. , criticized the FDA 's efforts in Florida .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers ' human cargo earlier .
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons .
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum , she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19 .
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry .
Claire had advanced to the third round of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee .
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $ 18 billion in five-year notes .
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger .
Aileen Boyle , a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman , declined to comment on any potential legal action .
`` I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story , '' Fiorina said .
Making jokes about a mistake like that , that 's not something good people do .
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq 's weapons program .
The woman was hospitalized June 15 , Kansas health officials said .
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts , Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls .
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share .
While a critical success , Luhrmann 's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $ US6 million ( $ A9.2 million ) .
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan 's population , Shiites 20 percent .
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
When a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment , Rodriguez agreed they should notify police , who then arrested him .
If the deal is approved , EMC will operate Legato as a software division of EMC headquartered in Mountain View , Calif .
But late Thursday night , the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement .
The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services ( news - web sites ) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective .
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office , scheduled for 2006 .
They found no blood and no bones , he said .
Adults , who were shy as toddlers , had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness .
The center 's president , Joseph Torsella , was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance .
In recent years , he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music .
Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon and said he expected to issue his findings next week .
Violence persisted , with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad .
In addition , it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat .
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday .
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski , from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania , with the fifth pick .
A smaller number , 8 per cent , looked for higher profits through price increases .
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township .
`` We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups , '' Mr. White said , objecting to Mr. Olson 's recommendation .
RJR spends an estimated $ 30 million annually on NASCAR .
Actor Noah Wyle , who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994 , extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season .
More than 60 suspected cases have been reported in the United States , none of them fatal .
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate 's office , police said .
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents , citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move .
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year , the state 's Department of Health reported .
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $ 27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange , while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $ 49.50 .
He and 13 others were arrested Monday after blocking traffic in support of striking university workers .
At 11 p.m. , Henri was centered about 70 miles southwest of St. Petersburg and was becoming disorganized as it drifted south at about 3 mph , forecasters said .
After 18 months , Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients ' arteries .
`` I´m very proud of the citizens of this state , '' Gov . John Baldacci said .
On March 6 , the board , most of them appointed by Gov . George Pataki , unanimously agreed to the hikes ; they were implemented at the beginning of this month .
From that point until costs reached $ 5,300 , the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill .
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects , the official said .
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $ 425 million .
`` But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . ''
But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $ 2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants .
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured .
`` This child was literally neglected to death , '' Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said .
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers , most of them little-known , saying they represented the will of Iraq .
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over a new economy with old thinking , and for failing to reward innovation in the workplace .
Late trading : Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m . ET and getting it at that day 's closing net asset value .
`` Fighting continued until midnight , '' western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index advanced 5.37 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,020.18 .
A coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the protests , which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them .
The Seattle band 's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No . 1 on VH1 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years . ''
In Britain , temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C ( 98.8 F ) all-time high .
In after-hours trading , H-P shares rose 62 cents to $ 22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session .
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases , one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday .
To reach John A. Dvorak , who covers Kansas , call ( 816 ) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak @ kctar.com .
`` I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination , '' writes Steinberg , of Johns Hopkins University .
In early afternoon trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 18.42 , or 0.2 percent , at 8,569.94 .
Falls in euro/yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen , with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday 's late New York level of 118.51 .
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans could n't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon .
Marjorie Scardino , the chief executive , said : `` We have one headline .
She was physically ill several times on the day he died , she said .
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows , such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall ( ICF ) .
The farmers market reopened Saturday ; at least 11 people remained hospitalized , three in critical condition .
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years .
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143 .
A year earlier , it posted a profit of $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share .
A second victim , Michael Walker , 23 , was struck in the torso , the bullet perforating his lung .
In late morning trading , the Dow was up 13.88 , or 0.2 percent , at 9,002.93 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .
Ryland Group ( nyse : RYL - news - people ) , a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company , sank $ 9.65 , or 11.6 percent , to $ 73.40 .
Corixa shares rose 54 cents to $ 7.74 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , NHTSA said .
His next play , `` Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? '' a satire on Hollywood , lasted more than a year on Broadway .
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson , a high-profile UK businessman , and his family .
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability `` is showing results . ''
The husband 's family says he has since passed two lie detector tests .
The Standard Edition is $ 15,000 per processor or $ 300 per named user .
Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting , along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim .
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds , police said in a news release .
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria .
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days .
Marc Garber , Whitley 's attorney , had a different view .
Her lawyer , William Zabel , could not be reached .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $ 1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates , York declared .
Sovereign , based in Philadelphia , expects to close the acquisition in the first quarter of 2004 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC ended off 8.15 points , or 0.49 percent , at 1,644.03 .
The high profile two-week campaign – which started on September 28 – was designed to show a strong police presence around London .
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning .
U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched , weapons-grade uranium at an Iranian nuclear facility , a report by the U.N. nuclear agency says .
Since being drafted into service in 1971 , it has racked up a record 45 accidents , with 393 deaths .
Other , more traditional tests are also available .
The Calgary woman , who is in her twenties , donated blood on Aug. 7 .
Washington , however , said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place .
Southwest 's net income amounted to $ 246 million , or 30 cents per share .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points , or 0.10 percent , at 998.51 , ending at its highest since late June 2002 .
If Lee is indicted , prosecutors will seek the death penalty .
The nine largest airlines had $ 75.4 billion in revenue last year .
The effort is the Bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 .
He made the same decree in June 2002 , but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms .
In 1975 he married Marta Casals , the widow of Pablo Casals .
The Washington Times first reported yesterday that Army Capt . James .
But a U.S. appeals court in San Francisco disagreed and upheld the law .
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests .
`` This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [ database ] .
One , from a former CIBC executive , described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as `` outrageous . ''
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95 , or 1.1 percent , to 1507.76 , its first slide in five days .
A seventh victim , a woman , died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron .
Last week , his lawyers asked Gov . Mark R. Warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .
In the weeks leading up to the execution , several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters .
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people , including seven Americans .
He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released .
`` This is not unanticipated , '' Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday .
A senior law enforcement official , discussing the case on grounds of anonymity , identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba .
`` That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center , '' the suit says .
Investors were askingwhether other banks , some of which are still being audited , could be dealt with in the same way .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points , or just 0.01 percent , to 966.87 .
He has established a group to revise the constitution , possibly to protect private property .
They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile , blind or even dead .
The parade , which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , went through the district Davis represented .
Byrd , speaking from the Senate floor , said he questioned `` the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . ''
Reagan is played by James Brolin , who is married to singer Barbra Streisand , a leading Democratic activist .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points , or 1.10 percent , to 943 .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32 , or about 1.1 percent , to 9011.53 .
Friday 's report raised new worries that a weak job market could shackle the budding economic recovery despite a slight improvement in the overall unemployment rate .
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were `` continuing to make significant progress '' in the case .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was off 4.86 points , or 0.49 percent , at 993.82 .
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year .
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state , but Byrd disagreed .
That compares to a net loss of $ 6.6 million , or 47 cents per share , on revenue of $ 15.5 million in 2002 's second fiscal quarter .
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words , daughter Linda Hope said .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points , or 1.20 percent , to 975.93 .
Second comes HP ( 27 percent with $ 2.9 billion , up just 0.4 percent ) .
The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna , Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi , who was not injured .
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness .
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges .
GM , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses .
Jim Guest , president of Consumers Union , said they stand by their reporting .
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4 , when a bomber killed 23 people .
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served , '' Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
In New York , $ 7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient , almost double the national average of $ 3,936 .
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos , part of GUS , and privately owned Littlewoods .
Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines , 16.3 million provided advanced services , which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions .
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville .
Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane , flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Market 's composite index rose 3.41 points to 1,915.31 .
Last week , Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan .
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried .
Police investigating a fatal hit-and-run accident conducted a search Monday at the home of Bishop Thomas O'Brien , head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix .
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board .
Altria shares fell $ 1.17 to $ 42.51 and were the Dow 's biggest percent loser .
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall .
As previously announced , the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12 .
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $ 100 per employee .
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading , slightly outpacing London 's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent .
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night , Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network .
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest mutual-fund company , said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer 's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses .
`` Tony 's not feeling well , '' Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said .
Officials with the rebel group Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy could not be reached for comment Saturday .
`` These are defining moments for players and organizations , '' Anaheim coach Mike Babcock said .
He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets , including US and Australian diplomatic posts .
A pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995 , but did win representation on its board .
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries .
He was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud , perjury and other crimes .
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police , and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested .
Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the World Track and Field Championships .
Claudette , the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season , hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind .
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .
In May 2002 , Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $ 20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headdresses .
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims .
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition , singing `` If I Could . ''
Shares of Berkeley , California-based Xoma dropped 89 cents , or 16 percent , to $ 4.60 in Instinet trading .
Freddie Mac shares fell $ 1.49 , to $ 50.01 , on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation .
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt .
I loved the Brazilian music I played .
Bob Schindler : That 's correct , and the strategy behind that is , we wanted to kind of smoke him out , to see where he was coming from .
Judge Philpot told Dica : `` There is no evidence of your remorse .
Earlier Friday , Taiwan reported 55 new cases but no new deaths .
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home , many chanted `` Celia , Celia '' and sang snippets of her songs .
In 2001 , 8.4 per cent of six-year-olds and 15 per cent of 15-year-olds were obese .
Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices , said Brad Smith , Microsoft 's senior VP and general counsel .
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation .
Police arrested a `` potential suspect '' Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days , the police chief said .
The 2000 Democratic platform supported `` the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation . ''
He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he 'll stand trial .
Following California 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans .
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion .
Australia 's view on Zimbabwe `` will not be changing , irrespective of the views of other countries , '' he said .
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent .
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention ( IBC ) in Amsterdam .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points , or 0.33 percent , at 1,486.14 .
Indeed , Mr. Weill , a self-described workaholic , said he planned to remain very involved in the company .
The agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the `` Freedom Tower . ''
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members , Pentagon officials said .
Mike Austreng , editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record , said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points , or 1.33 percent , to 1,624.91 .
For the year , Marvell expects revenue of $ 760 million to $ 790 million .
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 ; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban .
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90 , or 2.1 percent , to 1,610.82 , having risen 1.1 percent last week .
Elsewhere in Europe , Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday .
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers .
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0 , NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , XP and 2000 , as well as Windows Server 2003 .
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego .
`` We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . ''
The panel said some of NASA 's cameras were obsolete and others no longer have a good view , because of civilian buildings built near them .
Wind River also cut costs , reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $ 47.1 million .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 9.69 points , or 0.98 percent , at 994.53 .
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing .
MessageLabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning .
`` We think it 's great news , '' Enron spokesman Eric Thode said .
Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $ 900 per Windows client and $ 1,000 per Unix client .
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon , Utah-based SCO could n't be immediately reached for comment .
She has a boyfriend , too , officials said : Sgt . Ruben Contreras , who sat with her family Tuesday .
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order .
The legislation , which now goes to the full House , would amend the state 's 1988 corporate takeover law .
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation .
In the first hour of trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107 , while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612 .
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session , after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session .
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia , including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries .
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved .
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003 , Acceleration Server 2000 , and SQL Server 2000 .
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien ( ) , the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference , will arrive in Malaysia today .
In the year-ago quarter , the steelmaker recorded a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents per share , on sales of $ 1.14 billion .
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year .
Sony claimed that the reader 's capacitance sensing technology can not be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning .
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour , and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom , Bragdon said .
`` There are some who feel that if they attack us , we may decide to leave prematurely , '' Mr Bush said at the White House .
That fire , the largest wildfire in state history , charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities .
He said that President Bush 's proposed Clean Air Act amendment , called the Clear Skies Initiative , would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution .
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux , which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors .
The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) on Monday .
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing .
After the two-hour meeting on May 14 , publisher Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr. , executive editor Howell Raines and managing editor Gerald Boyd pledged quick remedies to staff grievances .
`` There 's nothing we can do to stop '' the water flow , Stegman said .
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network .
Bolivia 's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread .
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis , the official said .
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway , a state misdemeanor .
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule .
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council , headed by Mr Arafat .
But JT was careful to clarify that it was `` not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . ''
Costner plays Charlie Waite , a cowboy with a violent past .
You can reach her at ( 248 ) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman @ detnews.com .
Estonia 's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991 .
Lee , 33 , told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom , where he found her .
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio , a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it does n't include popular shows like `` All Things Considered '' and `` Morning Edition . ''
At the hearing yesterday , High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail , evidently unaware they had already left the country .
Lt. Scotty Smither , a county firefighter , was struck by lightning .
`` The flu season has had an earlier onset than we 've seen in many years , '' said Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta .
Gold 's rise pulled other precious metals higher , shunting silver to $ 4.81/83 an ounce from $ 4.77/79 last quoted in New York .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05 .
Jim Eisenbrandt , Wittig 's attorney , also was not available for comment immediately ; his secretary said he was reviewing the report .
Police suspected that Shaichat , 20 , had been abducted either by Palestinians or by Israeli Arabs .
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons `` within 45 minutes '' .
During this year 's August to October quarter , Lowe 's opened 38 new stores , including two relocations .
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report .
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy `` could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth '' .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $ 29.42 , before the earnings were announced .
Three each came from Africa , Asia and Latin America .
Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean Harold Meyers , 53 .
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq , Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points , or 0.10 percent , at 998.51 , ending at its highest since late June 2002 .
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents , or 2.2 percent , at $ 7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq .
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Department .
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent , after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8 , the lowest since March 12 .
Excluding the impact of accounting changes , Ford would have earned 13 cents a share .
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state 's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals .
`` It 's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents would n't be notified of an abortion , which is a very profound decision . ''
After hours of debate , the Senate passed the reform package 32-4 .
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , by J.K. Rowling , Scholastic , 870 pages , $ 29.99 .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors _ three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives .
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators , Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky , voted to shelve the McCain bill .
In Lytle Creek Canyon , a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed a road , trapping a car .
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002 .
Smackdown , first organized by WWE , registered more than 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
`` Michael is innocent , '' Jackson 's mother , Katherine , said in a written statement .
U.S. President George W. Bush said `` the nation lost a great citizen '' with Hope 's death .
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd. , Mitsubishi Electric Corp. , Motorola Japan Ltd. , NEC Corp. , Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd. , and Sharp Corp .
The euro rose as high as $ 1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $ 1.1525/30 .
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years ; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County .
For Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) , the house means stability and family .
Only 12 of the last 30 attempts to reach Mars have succeeded ( two are in transit ) .
Lucent 's stock shed 6 cents , or 2.7 percent , to close at $ 2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday .
On Hebert 's body were his wallet , driver license and cell phone , its batteries drained , Tracy said .
Elsewhere in the diary , Truman showed a more familiar side , colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House .
Authorities in Alabama said the passage of time , and the transfer or retirement of some investigators , has not hurt their case .
The victim , who was also not identified , was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition .
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon ; a former priest , Bruce Ewing ; and two teachers are awaiting trial .
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board , state radio report said .
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
`` At that time I did n't agree , because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security , '' he says .
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) for these killings .
The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
On Monday , one American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq .
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field .
`` They were brutally beaten , and it 's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case . ''
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta .
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday .
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point , or 0.11 percent , to 1,650 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks .
We strongly disagree with Novell 's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community .
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said , `` We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals .
AMD had revenue of $ 715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter .
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal .
She countersued for $ 125 million , saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions .
With the government grant added in , the airline earned $ 246 million , or 30 cents a share .
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal .
On Saturday , the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra .
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series .
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public .
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares .
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets .
`` Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction , '' Gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .
No charges were announced , but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday .
He was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , '' Bush said .
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $ 260 million by 2006 and $ 750 million by 2008 .
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers , the part requires only minimal external components .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation .
Oracle shares fell 27 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 13.09 .
Authorities in Ohio , Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies .
Excluding autos , retail sales rose by 0.3 % in September , lower than a forecast rise of 0.5 % .
Earlier this month , RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share .
In court , Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box .
Costa 's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure .
In 2002 , the West Nile virus infected 4,000 people and took 284 lives in the United States .
Enron 's 401 ( k ) plan covered about 20,000 workers , retirees and beneficiaries .
Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of the bank .
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) to suspend trading in Mosel shares .
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle , the statement said .
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat .
In its quarter ended May 30 , Adobe earned $ 64.25 million , or 27 cents a share .
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field , '' Sarwan said .
Sentenced to 20 years to life , she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives , friends and colleagues of the slain men .
The Hartford shares rose $ 2.88 , or 6.6 percent , to close Monday at $ 46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 .
Authorities said the informant , an inmate named Richard Powell who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 , led a team to the spot .
She said she told O'Donnell , `` Your mother died of breast cancer .
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004 .
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody 's , the credit rating agency .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent .
`` It seems to be following the sun , '' said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos .
Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $ 1.11 to $ 42.57 and were the Dow 's biggest percentage loser .
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson 's family .
The staged scene , covering several acres , featured smashed cars and buses , ruined buildings , scattered debris and spot fires .
SCO net income of $ 4.5 million , or 33 cents per share , on revenue of $ 21.4 million , in 2003 's second fiscal quarter , ended April 30 .
ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago .
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle .
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers .
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion , Thomson First Call says .
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening .
`` We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year , '' said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud , who declined to comment further .
PLAYRIGHT George Axelrod , who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address , allowing investigators to trace him easily .
The Hubble Space Telescope 's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years .
The Fed 's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space .
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager . ''
The study , published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research , is likely to also apply to humans , its authors said .
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up , he was later released .
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin , '' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony .
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations .
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
There are no suspects in the shooting , which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue , the police said .
`` But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change , '' she added , `` and you ca n't do that without funding . ''
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints , including 17 the last three seasons .
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup .
`` The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place .
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft 's board in rejecting Oracle 's offer .
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program , based in Socorro , New Mexico .
Sirius carries National Public Radio , although it does n't include popular shows such as `` All Things Considered '' and `` Morning Edition . ''
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the highest level since July 1994 .
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state 's neutrality in religion .
Without admitting or denying the S.E.C . 's allegations , Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC > rose 8.25 points , or 0.45 percent , to 1,861.15 .
Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with five counts of first-degree murder for the Dec. 19 to Feb. 5 killings .
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy , to uphold the national right of veto .
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday , the hospital said .
The news sent Cisco shares on a tear in after-hours trading .
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company 's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems .
Barbini 's comments came Tuesday , the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology .
He replaces Ron Dittemore , who announced his resignation in April .
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet 's decision on anti-retroviral treatment , some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan .
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki 's status as doubtful .
When contacted last night , Perkins declined comment .
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases , but Shanley has pleaded not guilty .
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday .
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store , the arrest report said .
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia , a college town about 30 miles to the north .
Federal agent Bill Polychronopoulos said it was not known if the man , 30 , would be charged .
`` I think we should leave them as they are , '' said Lott , R-Miss. , of the current ownership rules during a Senate Commerce Committee hearing .
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's lawyer , said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue .
Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes , it has `` turned out to be , on balance , a terrible mistake . ''
Gainers included Dow components AT & T , which rose $ 1.25 to $ 21.75 , and General Motors , which rose 57 cents to $ 37.70 .
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session , after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session .
Like the outgoing centre-left coalition , the next government is expected to come under pressure to hand over indicted war criminals or risk losing Western aid .
Staff writer Dave Michaels contributed to this report .
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind .
`` We are pleased with the judge 's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments , '' a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday .
On the stand Wednesday , she said she was referring only to the kissing .
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include , for example , a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader .
What 's next : If finally passed by the House , the measure moves to the Senate .
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all .
Analysts say Davis , who faces a historic recall election in October , could get a boost in the polls with a budget plan in place .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action .
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph , Jones said .
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road , above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection .
Think Dynamics , which is based in Toronto , will become part of IBM 's Software Group .
Mr Li , deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings , is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing .
GE stock closed Friday at $ 30.65 a share , down about 42 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Fletcher will not do that , said his campaign manager , Daniel Groves .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gave up 3.88 points , or 0.24 percent , to 1,644.76 .
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products .
His lack of co-operation was allowing other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large , Mr Dila told the court .
`` He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words , '' daughter Linda Hope said .
In the United States , heart attacks kill about 460,000 year , in Canada about 80,000 .
`` I 'm disgusted , physically sick in the stomach , '' said Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
`` It 's a major victory for Maine , and it 's a major victory for other states .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases .
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center .
In terms of format , DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach , the IFPI said .
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses .
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size , limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate .
Today , the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident .
`` I 'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them , they will continue . ''
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge , Wednesday .
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region .
Opposition to the bill has come from environmentalists , the Miccosukee Tribe , some scientists and members of Congress .
After the shooting , Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend , and allowed her and her daughter to leave .
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America , who announced their endorsement yesterday .
The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday .
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening .
`` If the other rating agencies also downgrade us..
He caused a stir by misnaming the mayor of Miami , Manny Diaz .
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points , or 0.18 percent , at 1,593.59 .
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open .
Because of the distance between the two chambers , the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky .
Oak Brook , IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year 's end .
Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients in Beth Israel Hospital .
Already suffering with the nation 's worst credit rating , the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money .
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents , or 0.6 % , to $ 28.02 in Instinet premarket trading .
At 5 p.m. EDT , Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph , with some gusts reaching 60 mph .
`` It 's a huge black eye , '' said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent .
GREAT train robber Ronnie Biggs was fighting for life last night after a massive heart attack .
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States .
Three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed 's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations .
The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad .
Billy Hodge , 11 , is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books .
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows .
Now Infogrames has decided to change its name to Atari .
At 10 p.m. , Odette was centered about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston , Jamaica , and was moving northeast near 8 mph .
The House has already approved the measure , and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton , who vetoed it .
Attorney Patricia Anderson , who represents the Schindlers in the courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law , declined to comment on the case .
`` High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again , '' Ashcroft said .
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase , who won democratic elections in September 2001 .
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4 , Itar-Tass news agency said .
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep , dubbed Operation Avalanche , targeting the south and east of the country , where Taliban activity has been highest .
Britz earned $ 3.77 million in salary , bonus and other compensation , and Kinney earned $ 3.76 million .
As a result , Murphy sought to substitute Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , as the trustee .
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2 .
Seven people were taken to hospital today after a second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours .
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company , and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent .
`` The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions , '' he said at a White House ceremony .
McBride dismissed Novell 's Unix ownership claims as `` a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community . ''
Although they no longer get the glory , desktop PC exceeded IDC 's shipment expectations in the second quarter , Kay said .
Last month , The Washington Post Co. introduced Express , a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes .
Limbaugh 's lawyer , Roy Black , has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney 's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally .
Many of the victims of Sunday 's attack had been headed out of Iraq for R & R or emergency leave .
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store .
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents , or 2.3 percent , to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam .
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women 's Amateur Public Links Championship .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .
The euro soared to US $ 1.1914 in Asian trading , before slipping back slightly to US $ 1.1895 as trading opened in Europe .
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea , state media said .
Cullen is replacing former chief privacy officer Richard Purcell , who left earlier this year .
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday , but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient .
The agencies warn that the `` insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling , around light fixtures or around ceiling fans . ''
Mallard 's friend , Clete Jackson , and his cousin , Herbert Tyrone Cleveland , pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs ' body .
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer , not because Rosenbaum was jewish .
In Hong Kong , 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms .
By late afternoon , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,331.77 , having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002 .
`` I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress , '' Mr. Powell said , referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh , a leading Hamas figure .
The department 's position threatens to alienate social conservatives , who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush .
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
`` His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes , '' Mr Butts said .
Humphries , and his father William , were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning .
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton , R-Columbus , said he spoke with Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony .
For the first time starting Thursday , all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages .
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week 's actions .
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday , said Rian Wathen , organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 11.67 , or 1.2 percent , to 975.26 , having risen 3.3 percent last week .
The NEA report , the `` Status of the American Public School Teacher , '' aims to help education groups shape their agendas .
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline , which transports crude from Colombia 's second-biggest oil field .
Rep. Dan Gelber , D-Miami Beach , argued that the freeze is for only a few months .
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $ 12 billion- $ 14 billion for VUE .
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy .
The S & P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons .
In 2002 , Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor , accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue .
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was `` the one we were all pulling for .
Martin , 58 , will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent , versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday 's close .
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night .
The company did n't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs .
Air Commodore Quaife said the Hornets remained on three-minute alert throughout the operation .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
Hong Kong was flat , Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent .
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft .
Last year , Comcast signed 1.5 million new digital cable subscribers .
The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi official in Kirkuk .
`` It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games , '' Thomas said .
Against the Japanese currency , the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14 .
The women said victims of rape who came forward routinely were punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgment .
Oracle 's $ 5 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft is clearly not sitting well with PeopleSoft 's executives .
Dixon 's win moved him into second place in the points standings , 49 behind Kanaan .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points , or 1.98 percent , to 1,015.69 .
Thanks to the euro 's rise against the Japanese currency , the dollar was at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen .
Thursday afternoon , the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index was trading up just 1.48 points , or 0.1 percent , to 1,049.59 .
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed .
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting ; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week .
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
NASIRIYA , Iraq—Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch have angrily dismissed claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
It was the best advance since Oct. 1 , when the index gained 22.25 .
`` Americans do n't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through , '' she said .
If Shelley certifies enough are valid , the lieutenant governor must call an election within 60 to 80 days , setting the state into uncharted political waters .
Shares of LendingTree rose 22 cents to $ 14.69 and have risen 14 percent this year .
During a screaming match in 1999 , Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin .
`` The vulnerabilities all relate to a lack of effective FAA oversight that needs to be improved , '' the report said .
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com .
WorldCom 's accounting problems came to light early last year , and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .
She first went to a specialist for initial tests last Monday , feeling tired and unwell .
MGM , NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment .
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $ 28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today .
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud .
Nationally , the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile , including 284 deaths .
The index also did better than the Standard & Poor 's 500 index , which increased 3.3 percent .
Scrimshaw , Supervisor , Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field .
`` The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution , together with copyright , antitrust and export control laws , and IBMs claims based thereon , or related thereto , are barred . ''
NASA plans to follow-up the rovers ' missions with additional orbiters and landers before launching a long-awaited sample-return flight .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad , Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi , was released after two days in coalition custody .
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean , he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat `` who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . ''
At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed , including one in Pennsylvania .
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business .
`` It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances , '' Burke said .
By Sunday night , the fires had blackened 277,000 acres , hundreds of miles apart .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points , or 0.98 percent , to 1,492 .
Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger is leaving backers in suspense , and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan will consider if the Terminator balks .
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom .
Michael Hill , a Sun reporter who is a member of the Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild 's bargaining committee , estimated meetings to last late Sunday .
But , to the dismay of Reaganites , there is no mention of the Reagan-era economic boom .
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher .
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio .
While the day 's trading was lackluster , the Standard & Poor 's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998 .
Powell recently changed the story , telling officers that Hoffa 's body was buried at his former home , where the search was conducted Wednesday .
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission 's list .
Worldwide , 7,183 SARS cases and 514 deaths have been reported in 30 countries .
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $ 5,100 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > rose 17.33 points , or 1.07 percent , to 1,640.13 .
Both studies are published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time .
The three men have pleaded not guilty and their lawyers have asked the High Court to dismiss the charges , saying the state has failed to present a solid case .
A Florida grand jury investigating pharmaceutical wholesalers indicted 19 people on charges of peddling bogus or diluted medications often prescribed for cancer and AIDS patients , authorities said yesterday .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,590.75 , breaking a six-day string of gains .
The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors are numbered 3200+ , 3000+ and 2800+ .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
`` This is where you 're measured – not in the regular season but right now .
`` I would like the FCC to start all over , '' said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , who supported reversing the rules .
`` Our goals is not to go out and start suing companies , '' McBride said .
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester 's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm .
`` I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon , not with him , '' Kerry said .
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility 's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe .
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq .
David Brame fatally shot his wife and then himself on April 26 in a Gig Harbor shopping-mall parking lot .
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , a prisoners ' rights group .
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extended the deadline to Oct. 17 , and they are still working on it .
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc .
This is America , my friends , and it should not happen here , '' he said to loud applause .
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons , an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City .
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group .
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves .
In Albany , for example , 24 percent of students passed ; in South Colonie , 14 percent .
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair apologized Thursday for his arrest hours earlier in Nashville on suspicion of drunken driving and illegal possession of a handgun .
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling .
Sen. John Kerry , Massachusetts Democrat , came in second place for the quarter with $ 5.8 million .
Speaking for the first time since being charged with child molestation , Jackson added , `` Why not ?
`` I notice a mood change in their priorities , '' one politician said .
The Johnson-Lewis fight was to be the main event of a boxing doubleheader at the Staples Center in Los Angeles .
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust .
Yes , from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion .
Her amendment would have changed the bill by keeping with current Texas law , which gives school districts the option to hold a moment of silence and recite the pledge .
Talabani told him the Governing Council would `` need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken . ''
By state law , 911 calls are not public information and were not released .
Two kids from Michigan are in today 's third round .
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact , according to the Mohave County Sheriff 's Office .
Pennsylvania , which has the most aggressive treatment program , is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates .
`` In so many different ways , the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history , '' Bush said .
`` It 's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan , '' where there is a lack of expertise , says one banker .
`` The layoff is an excuse , '' countered Anaheim coach Mike Babcock .
In other markets , U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker , as stocks rose early .
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
At 11:30 a.m. , Edmund Hillary of New Zealand and Tenzing Norgay Sherpa of Nepal reached the summit .
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail .
GE stock were up 37 cents to $ 28.56 in morning New York Stock Exchange trade .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , based on the latest data .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points , or 1.42 percent , to 1,630.08 .
The final round of the bee will be broadcast on ESPN at 1 p.m. Thursday .
Doctors who knowingly violate the ban could face up to two years in prison .
The Toronto Stock Exchange opened on time and slightly lower .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI finished down 31.23 points , or 0.33 percent , at 9,317.64 .
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus ’ radio .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX shed 1.8 points , or 0.18 percent , to 991 .
He was referring to John S. Reed , the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
But 13 people have been killed since 1900 and hundreds injured .
The year-ago comparisons were restated to include Compaq results .
On Tuesday , the central bank left interest rates steady , as expected , but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks .
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers .
Navistar shares were down 44 cents , or 1.1 percent , at $ 41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $ 39.93 .
Bremer , 61 , is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989 .
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report .
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc. , which rose more than 27 percent to close at $ 42.31 a share .
`` Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough , '' Covello told the 49-year-old , whose family , friends and supporters filled half the courtroom .
Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries , including burns , heat exhaustion , bruises and muscle strain , and were treated and released from the hospital , fire officials said .
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state 's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals .
A promotional poster , complete with countdown dial , reminds readers of the upcoming release of `` Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . ''
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,606.87 .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index shot up 5.7 percent for the week .
Lowe 's , with about half as many stores , reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales .
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system .
Genentech Inc. , the world 's second-biggest biotechnology company , and Xoma Ltd. said their Rapitva drug failed to help patients with rheumatoid arthritis in a study .
PeopleSoft will commit $ 863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares , the companies said .
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > rose 17.26 points , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , based on the latest data .
Shares ended Wednesday at $ 6.83 , up 2 cents .
The initial report was made to Modesto Police December 28 .
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , and Reyna dropped a knee into his back , according to testimony .
They reported symptoms of fever , headache , rash and muscle aches .
Today , he will find out whether he is still in the running to buy back the U.S. entertainment business of troubled Vivendi Universal SA .
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67 , or 1.3 percent , to 1523.71 , its highest since June 18 .
Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , faces multiple counts of burial service fraud , making false statements , abuse of a dead body and theft .
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs , which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard .
Kids , adults , booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for `` Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . ''
Colgate shares closed Monday at $ 56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges .
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
As a result , 24 players broke par in the first round .
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59 , or 1.3 percent , to 1,616.50 , after gaining 5.7 percent last week .
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals , or whether they would be increased .
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city `` Sleepless Summer '' tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge .
The victim , whose name was not released , underwent surgery at the hospital .
Stripping out the extraordinary items , fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year .
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation 's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters .
`` Further testing is still under way , but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , '' the specialist said yesterday .
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police , strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation .
The Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain , was forthright .
The others were given copies of `` Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution '' and told to follow it .
The third appointment was to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff officer .
Five Jordanian embassy staff were wounded but were in stable condition .
The nation 's median household income , adjusted for inflation , declined 1.1 percent , to $ 42,409 in 2002 , the Census Bureau reported Friday .
Police said the suspected Marriott suicide bomber was Asmar Latin Sani , 28 , from the island of Sumatra .
Every Thursday , a grains management committee meets in the Commission 's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith .
`` There is no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that was documented by the UN , '' he said .
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq .
He faces a maximum sentence of 59 to 87 years in prison if convicted .
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice 's trunk .
Numan was the Baath Party 's regional command chairman responsible for west Baghdad .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
`` City-grown pollution , and ozone in particular , is tougher on country trees , '' says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg .
Elecia Battle , of Cleveland , told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket .
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .
The Nikkei average closed up 1.5 percent at 8,152.16 , a one-month high .
According to the Census Bureau , the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures .
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 .
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight .
Perkins will travel to Lawrence today and meet with Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway .
Three Southern politicians who `` stood up to ancient hatreds '' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum .
A senior Whitehall official said : `` It devalued the currency , there is no question about that .
`` The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead . ''
The army said the raid , which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme , the Hamas leader in the city , targeted militants in Hamas .
In March , SCO Group filed a lawsuit against IBM charging unfair competition and breach of contract .
Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , D-S.D. , is leading the opposition .
A report on the finding appears in Friday 's issue of the journal Science .
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado , 3-2 , Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium .
Mr Pollard said : `` This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James 's family .
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck .
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday 's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy .
Michaela Cuomo , youngest daughter of Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy , is 8 months old .
Pataki said if power was restored , state workers would be back on the job Friday morning .
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price , taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday .
The man was n't on the ice , but trapped in the rapids , swaying in an eddy about 250 feet from the shore .
Texas Instruments climbed $ 1.37 to $ 19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $ 1.76 to $ 36.31 .
Yee is a Chinese-American who converted to Islam after graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point .
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges , including extortion , money laundering and conspiracy .
Anything less is unacceptable , '' said Gordon , the ranking Democrat on the House Space and Aeronautics subcommittee .
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 , ending at its highest level for 12 months .
Optima first registered www.optimatech.com with Network Solutions at the end of 1990 .
Spokesmen for the FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah 's stay in Canada .
Florida 's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case .
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night .
Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , agreed .
Since early May , the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows , Jayroe said .
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards .
The bank 's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $ 91.51 per share .
The meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago .
I think we made the right case and did the right thing . ''
Shares of Littleton , Colorado-based EchoStar rose $ 1.63 , or 5.3 percent , to $ 32.26 at 10:55 a.m .
West Nile Virus -- which is spread through infected mosquitoes -- is potentially fatal .
The company said that based on first-quarter results it expects to earn 90 cents per share for the quarter .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points , or 0.46 percent , at 1,653.62 .
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six .
The results beat the 54 cents loss per share consensus estimate of 23 analysts polled by Thomson First Call .
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of Yukos Oil , on charges of fraud and tax evasion .
Critics say the law violates civil liberties , something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis. , says he is sensitive to .
Staff Sgt . Georg-Andreas Pogany , however , is waiting for that decision in writing .
Ending the picketing at Ralphs frees up about 18,000 union members .
`` Unlike many early-stage Internet firms , Google is believed to be profitable .
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle .
Joe Kernan , who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years , was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday .
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return .
For the year , it expects sales of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .
MediaQ 's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi , Siemens , Palm , Sharp , Philips , Dell and Sony .
`` It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap , '' King said .
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year , up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001 .
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up .
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown , Saugus and Framingham .
Others keep records sealed for as little as five years or as much as 30 .
Xcel shares were up 20 cents , to close at $ 14.10 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing .
`` Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , and we remain hopeful we can do so , '' chief executive Marce Fuller said .
However , in the New Jersey case , a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit upheld the government by a 2-1 vote .
The deal means the original agreement , signed in August 2001 by the two companies , is now extended through 2006 .
The security official 's backup could n't fill in because he was on active military duty , Strutt said .
Apple Computer 's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation , the company said Monday .
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $ 80 billion in addition .
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales .
And of those , 149 , or 55 % , `` claimed to treat , prevent , diagnose or cure specific diseases . ''
For the full 12-month period ending June 30 , 2003 , advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 11.98 points , or 0.72 percent , to 1,680.42 .
Intel Corp. narrowed its second-quarter revenue forecast Thursday , saying sales of microprocessors were at the high end of normal while demand for communications chips remained soft .
`` It is about a third of what I owe in the world , '' he told reporters .
The House barely had the necessary 100 members present for a quorum .
Im very proud of the citizens of this state , said Gov . John Baldacci , a casino foe .
`` Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud , '' prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press .
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year .
Shares of SCO closed at $ 10.93 , down 28 cents , in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
He presented the map at last week 's Sixth International Conference on Mars in Pasadena , Calif .
`` This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit , both factually and legally . ''
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address .
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning , Jones said .
On Thursday , Taiwan reported 131 suspected cases of the disease -- up 11 cases from a day earlier .
No . 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $ 1.36 billion .
Penn Traffic a week ago disclosed that it was considering filing for bankruptcy , among other options .
Quinn was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment .
The magazine glorifies the soldiers but not necessarily the Bush administration , which put them in Iraq .
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones , pagers or other wireless devices while driving .
State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell , who is also chairman of the state Assembly 's Ways and Means Committee , seemed perfectly happy to make it a political fight .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S & P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79 .
Michael W. Stout , 56 , was named executive vice president and chief information officer .
UBS Warburg added to pressure on tobacco stocks by downgrading Altria to neutral from buy based on valuation .
And they ordered state troopers to prevent camera crews from filming Private Lynch outside her home .
Waksal , in a letter to the court , said : `` I tore my family apart .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > added 12.64 points , or 1.28 percent , to 997.48 .
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am , and that one of the compound 's outer walls had collapsed .
John Jacoby , the fire department 's battalion chief , arrived .
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32 , yielding 4.015 percent .
Nationwide , there have been 4,416 cases with 84 deaths , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Friday tally .
`` There are a number of locations in our community , which are essentially vulnerable , '' Mr Ruddock said .
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams .
Penn Traffic 's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq , up two cents .
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts .
Lacy 's last column , filed from the hospital , appeared in Friday 's editions .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
Parsons holds engineering degrees from the University of Mississippi and the University of Central Florida .
The Bush administration said Monday it will propose a rule change allowing governors to seek exemptions from a policy blocking road-building in remote areas of national forests .
The witness , a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty , was paid 10,000 by the News of the World .
Excluding the charges , analysts , on average , expected a loss of 11 cents a share .
He playfully chided the Senate 's `` little bitty tax relief plan . ''
It closed Tuesday at its highest level since last June .
`` The hard-core fans came out for Reloaded and then moved on , '' says John Shaw of the box office tracking firm Movieline International .
From Broadway comedies like `` The Seven Year Itch '' ( 1952 ) , `` Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? ''
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis , Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15 .
So far , they have searched Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Illinois and Indiana , authorities in those state said .
Besides battling its sales slump , Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed .
Pascal Lamy , the EU ’ s Trade Commissioner , insisted : “ The EU ’ s regulatory system for GM goods authorisation is in line with WTO rules .
A cost analysis is under way , said Michael Rebell , CFE 's executive director .
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness .
In recent years , Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble : He faced charges of fare-beating and credit card theft .
The women said those rape victims who did come forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgement , prompting most victims to remain silent .
United has n't set a starting date for the unit , known within the Chicago-based company as Starfish .
Treasuries were dragged lower on Friday as shorter-dated debt was roiled by conflicting reports on the likelihood of an aggressive easing in U.S. interest rates .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 14.35 points , or 0.89 percent , at 1,617.91 .
`` What can I say to you ? '' he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15 .
Aventis , based in Strasbourg , France , is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine .
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress .
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points , or 1.91 percent , to 8,765.38 , brushing its highest levels since mid-January .
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online , representing 35 % of all Web advertising .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index rose 3.42 points , or 0.34 percent , to 1,007.84 .
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) , which shot 32 percent higher .
`` We are expending all available resources toward the investigation , '' said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg , a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle .
The impact of these shortages , U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday , `` will touch virtually every American . ''
She was 26 then , and a friend tipped her to another position and told her whom to call .
If successful , the `` Muses-C '' will be the first probe to make a two-way trip to an asteroid .
I never punished a victim , '' said Brigadier General Taco Gilbert , the school 's former number two officer .
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway .
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing Wells .
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2 .
But Forest , the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco , said : `` Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there .
Hilsenrath was also indicted on 33 counts of wire fraud , which each carry a maximum penalty of five years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and restitution .
Revenue rose 3.9 percent , to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.57 billion .
The interest rate sensitive two year Schatz yield was down 5.8 basis points at 1.99 percent .
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for `` cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields '' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes .
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers , which made it hard to see , the chief said .
But JT was careful to clarify that it was `` not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment '' .
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing , Capitol Police said .
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to Chinese rule .
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner 's then-husband , Seth , to the Agriculture Development Board .
Intel sells the current top Pentium for US $ 637 in quantities of 1,000 .
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush , said Senate President Jim King .
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless , huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold .
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares .
New Line Cinema 's prequel comedy , `` Dumb and Dumberer : When Harry Met Lloyd '' opened with $ 11.1 million .
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share .
`` We 've got quality players , '' said Pirates manager Lloyd McClendon .
China 's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected .
`` The figures are becoming catastrophic , '' said Dr. Patrick Pelloux , the president of the association of emergency room physicians .
But the cancer society said its study had been misused .
Russin did not comment ; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .
Kodak said the PracticeWorks deal is expected to add about $ 215 million to its revenue in the first full year after the acquisition .
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem .
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran 's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people .
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $ 78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange ( news - web sites ) .
Muhammad 's trial began Oct. 14 in nearby Virginia Beach .
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points , or 2 percent , to 1,520.15 .
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers , The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP , on the deal .
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12 .
The exotic animal trade is enormous , and it continues to spiral out of control .
He wounded a security guard and then fled , stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade .
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds , then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself .
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘ ‘ taikong , ’ ’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission .
Among the workers , the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age .
The body of one of the four teens , 17-year-old Max Guarino , was found April 25 in Long Island Sound .
Altria shares fell $ 1.23 , or 2.8 percent , to $ 42.44 and were the Dow 's biggest percent loser .
According to security sources , London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning .
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 , after accounting for inflation .
The biggest cut ordered was for Hanover Lloyds Insurance Co. -- 31 percent .
Revenue plunged 19 percent to $ 2.07 billion from $ 2.56 billion in the year-earlier quarter .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76 .
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black 's identity .
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the latest outbreak .
Acer said its Veriton 7600G incorporates the Intel 865G chipset and is priced starting at $ 949 .
It is priced at $ 5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor , or $ 195 per user with a minimum of five users .
Omar 's brother , Zahid , and wife , Tahari , were arrested on May 2 in Derbyshire .
Associated Press Writer Marc Humbert in Albany contributed to this report .
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks .
`` But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition . ''
Bridges is a retired Air Force major general and a former shuttle pilot .
You can reach George Hunter at ( 313 ) 222-2027 or ghunter @ detnews.com .
The CGT warned of prolonged industrial action unless Raffarin agreed .
`` Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer , '' it said .
In comparison , 86 percent of Israeli Jews say they have a favorable opinion of the United States .
But they don ’ t realize that until it ’ s too late ( of course ) because they ’ re potential victims in a horror movie .
Doud was shot in the shoulder and underwent surgery at Strong Memorial Hospital , where he was listed in satisfactory condition .
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open .
Merseyside police found the truck , without the books , the next morning about 20 miles from the warehouse .
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks , recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation .
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell .
LURD 's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force .
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton .
The jury awarded TVT about $ 23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $ 108 million in punitive damages .
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars , and used their cell phones to call home .
The SharePoint Portal Server application , which facilitates teamwork , retails for $ 5,619 .
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half .
Hovan did not speak , but his lawyer , John Speranza , said his client `` did not wake up that day '' intending to hurt anyone .
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill , the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa .
For the fourth quarter , Intel expects revenue between $ 8.1 billion and $ 8.7 billion .
The highest-paid Washington private-college president is Susan Resneck Pierce , who heads the University of Puget Sound .
Not counting energy prices , wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent .
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32 , taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent .
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , the ship took about five years to build .
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana , Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her .
On May 1 , he crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon .
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states , many of whom are on the committee .
The soldiers , from the 3rd Armored Cavalry , were hurt when their Humvee vehicle struck a mine in Hit .
Several protesters were injured by a speeding police van that drove through the crowd .
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd .
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites , the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor .
`` We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process , probably later than we should have and now we 're just gaining incredible speed .
Before it was removed , the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate .
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today , Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said .
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby .
On Thursday , a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely , contrary to the Wall Street Journal 's line .
If it 's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote , it must be time for new Tablet PCs .
Is it in the food supply ? '' says David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis .
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons , presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq .
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32 , its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday .
The index , which measures activity in the service sector , climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March .
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant , but his wife has recovered .
Dell 's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches with a single tool .
His lawyer , Pamela MacKey , said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated .
`` We are keeping an open mind , '' said Sergeant Magee .
The conference , sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , is focused on eliminating world hunger through genetically modified foods and other technologies .
During the hearing , Morales expressed `` sincere regrets and remorse '' for his actions .
Stanford ( 46-15 ) plays South Carolina ( 44-20 ) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha , Neb .
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price , taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday .
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday .
Agassi is not the only American man through to the third round .
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months .
Prof Sally Baldwin , 63 , from York , fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station , Italian railway officials said .
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11 , 2001 , hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items .
PeopleSoft 's board of directors has said it will meet soon to consider the Oracle offer .
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others , the military said .
`` The integration is exceeding almost every expectation we set for ourselves , '' Mr Roberts said on Thursday .
Chante Jawan Mallard , 27 , went on trial Monday , charged with first-degree murder .
Get it all out , '' says Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm based in New York City .
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent .
According to Microsoft 's latest proxy report , Ballmer held nearly 471 million shares as of Sept. 9 , 2002 .
Shortly after the opening bell , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48 , while the S & P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33 .
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday ; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests .
`` Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , and tomorrow will come soon . ''
In 2006 , the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $ 21.3 billion in sales .
The commission estimates California lost $ 1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001 .
Trading volume was light at 726.40 million shares , but above the 642.73 million exchanged at the same point Wednesday .
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market .
It aims to end 31 months of violence in which at least 2,034 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed .
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night .
Halabi 's military attorney , Air Force Maj. James Key , denied the charges , which could carry a death penalty .
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS crisis .
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC .
There 's a Jeep in my parents ' yard right now that 's not theirs , '' said Perry , whose parents are vacationing in North Carolina .
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell , who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 .
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > dropped 37.78 points , or 1.94 percent , to 1,912.36 .
Spinnaker employs roughly 83 people ; NetApp employs 2,400 .
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up .
Of 24 million phoned-in votes , 50.28 percent were for Studdard , putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken .
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening , said Daniel Bogden , U.S. attorney in Nevada .
Hispanics , the fastest growing ethnic group in the US , have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US , according to newly released government figures .
The University of Louisville also is auditing Shumaker 's expenses while he was president there .
Delmon was 5 when Dmitri was drafted with the fourth pick by St. Louis in 1991 .
`` Tomorrow at the Mission Inn , I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points , or 0.36 percent , to 977.59 .
In morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12 , or 0.5 percent , at 8,571.69 , having fallen 51 points Monday .
On Monday , Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
They found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride , or 803 men , developed prostate cancer .
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters .
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent , with 21 percent undecided .
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house , authorities said Wednesday .
Worldwide , the disease has now infected 6,727 people in 30 countries and caused 478 deaths .
`` It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course and kill country-of-origin labeling , '' said Daschle .
Lucas Goodrum , 21 , of Scottsville was arrested Sunday in the death of Katie Autry , of Pellville .
Bulger 's brother is now on the agency 's `` 10 Most Wanted '' list , sought in connection with 21 murders .
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides .
Her lawyer , M. H. Reese Norris , called the decision an injustice and promised to appeal .
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter ?
TVT Records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .
Mr. Heatley , who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments , faces several charges .
The body 's hair , sources said , appeared to be blond with dark roots , the same as Aronov 's .
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire .
Canadian officials have agreed to run a complementary threat response exercise .
`` There is the real potential for a secondary collapse , '' Gov . James McGreevey said .
Oracle followed with 33.8 percent of the market and Microsoft came in third with an 18 percent share .
`` It seems to me ... we 're just dealing with bragging rights here , who wins and who loses , '' said Gammerman , who heard the case without a jury .
In addition , primary care trusts ( PCTs ) were given star ratings for the first time this year .
Opponents of the ban also are planning a protest rally at City Hall tomorrow at 1 p.m. to coincide with the scheduled start of the state ban .
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training .
He fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated and in an inferior position .
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit .
Swartz , indicted in February , had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .
Batters faced : Sheets 28 , Vizcaino 2 , DeJean 4 , Clement 26 , Alfonseca 4 , Guthrie 2 , Farnsworth 4 .
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday .
Gyorgy Heizler , head of the local disaster unit , said the coach had been carrying 38 passengers .
A Chinese court yesterday jailed two people for life and imprisoned 12 others for organising a sex party involving hundreds of Japanese tourists .
The nurse , age 51 , worked at North York General Hospital .
The bodies of some of the dead , pulled out from under the train , were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins .
`` I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state , '' he told a packed courtroom during a 45-minute address .
Besides Hampton and Newport News , the grant funds water testing in Yorktown , King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach .
However , we have decided to opt for the European consortium 's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made '' .
On Tuesday , the Nikkei Average dropped 107.08 points , or 1.3 percent , to close at 8,120.24 .
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares , up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday .
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boy 's clothes and cigarettes .
Iraq is selling about 10 million barrels of oil that 's currently in storage .
So was Edie Falco , the critically praised co-star of `` Frankie and Johnny . ''
Hatab suffered a broken hyoid bone , a U-shaped bone that supports the tongue .
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million .
A Global Crossing spokeswoman and a Pentagon spokesman declined to comment .
A $ 50 million plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women 's hospitals open was offered Tuesday under proposed funding from state officials .
Added Mr. Prodi : `` Maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness . ''
Baz Luhrmann 's opulent version of the Puccini opera will fold June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run and losses of about $ 6 million .
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer .
Consumer groups are against the changes , saying they hurt individuality in markets .
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT & T Bell Labs .
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , for the loss of six soldiers wounded .
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , '' police officer J.D . Tambe told Reuters , adding 26 of the dead were women .
Leung faces a sentence of up to 50 years if convicted on all counts .
Murdoch 's family owns about 30 percent of News Corp. shares .
Duque arrived with Foale and Kaleri but will return to Earth with Lu and Malenchenko .
The talks , the first involving Washington and Pyongyang since April , had their share of fireworks .
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them .
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold .
Air Canada , the largest airline in Canada and No . 11 in the world , has been under court protection from creditors since April 1 .
He urged Congress to `` send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . ''
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate group .
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites .
Kadyrov was not injured , but four of his bodyguards were among those killed .
A subsequent report claimed that Jackson had actually become a member of the Nation of Islam .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The dollar fell as low as $ 1.1624 per euro from $ 1.1486 on Friday , and traded at $ 1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London .
German prosecutors have ruled out any charges in Germany , meaning extradition `` could happen very soon , '' Ullrich said .
The trial is entering a crucial stage as Italy prepares to assume the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1 .
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital , the site of the second outbreak .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 points , at 1,594.13 .
The workers accuse General Dynamics of `` reverse age discrimination '' because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997 .
Net revenue rose to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion during the same quarter last year .
The April decline was the biggest since October , 2001 .
NBC will probably end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS , although it 's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
Nine seconds later , it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent .
Aprils unemployment rate is the highest since late last year .
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39 , not far from its record low of 55.75 .
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count .
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country 's population .
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
The final price will be the lower of a 5 per cent discount to the average trading price over the period or $ 5.50 , the institutional placement price .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points , or 0.15 percent , to 9,196.55 .
The last month has been a whirlwind for an 18-year-old who led his high school team to the Ohio state championship .
It seemed like an isolated incident , '' said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C. , who earned a degree in political science .
Congratulations on being named Time magazine 's Person of the Year .
`` People are obviously inconvenienced , '' said Dr. Jim Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield < US10YT=RR > dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday .
Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program , MSBlast continued to spread to new computers on Thursday , but the rate of infection has slowed significantly .
The plan , which Pataki has said is unconstitutional as written , would cost the state $ 5.1 billion over the next 30 years .
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College , which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God , with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy .
The pressure may well rise on Thursday , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN , the cable sports network .
On Monday , as first reported by CNET News.com , the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University 's astronomy and astrophysics department .
`` IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete , '' Barrett said .
Still , revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge .
There was no immediate comment from Savage , who did not respond to E-mail requests for an interview .
Sources say agents confiscated `` several '' documents he was carrying .
In the ensuing gun battle two Palestinian militants were killed and 17 people were wounded .
The local people say four Iraqis were killed and four were injured .
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday .
Tongue-in-cheek , it recounts incidents where the Chief Executive and his administration let the people of Hong Kong down .
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops , including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus , began returning last week .
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday .
A 32-count indictment `` strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world , '' U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said .
Oran Smith , president of the Palmetto Family Council , said the assassination marked the end of America 's innocence .
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York .
Kroger Co. , which owns Ralphs , and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points , or 0.67 percent , at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17 .
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with `` ELF '' and other slogans , and another was set ablaze in front of a house , Sgt . Tom Wright said .
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas .
Among those awaiting Schwarzenegger 's decision was former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan .
National City shares were down 15 cents to $ 32.43 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network 's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them .
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter , and it ended the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash .
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year .
The delay comes on the heels of Boeing Chairman Phil Condit 's resignation Monday .
Roy Moore , the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over .
But the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.91 points , or 0.35 percent , at 1,674.35 .
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites , with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace , the survey found .
First Essex , with $ 1.8 billion of assets , employs about 360 people and operates 11 offices in Massachusetts and nine in southern New Hampshire .
According to law enforcement officials , the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker .
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and said , `` Our journey into space will go on . ''
Pataki praised Abraham 's decision , and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently .
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International 's inquiry into the Italian business .
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .
After Freitas ' opening statement , King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend .
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled .
He planned to stay all day until the river crested , which was forecast for late last night .
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain .
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez , he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans .
Bethany Hamilton remained in stable condition Saturday after the attack Friday morning .
