state police Lt Timothy Doyle said Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other , and that Hackett had no connection to the college .
she was taken to Charing Cross Hospital , where she remained critically ill last night .
the second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box .
Dubai , September 23 : the world economic leaders hailed on Tuesday signs of a global revival but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback .
the Bank of England '' requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance '' , he told the Press Association news agency .
nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board , through there reportedly could be as many as three .
she has the confidence of having beaten her for the first time and she is buoyed by Venus Williams ' upset loss of two days ago .
he said : '' they were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous .
'' we make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack '' , said Barbara Comstock , Justice Department spokeswoman .
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky , deputy general director of the plane s owners , Mediterranean Airlines , said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog .
the decision came after '' listening to our customers and associates '' , Melissa Berryhill , a spokeswoman for WalMart , said .
we will accede to the request while we explore all of our options '' , said Russell Lewis , executive vice president of VeriSign s Naming and Directory Services Group .
two Atlantabased companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines and Home Depot -- were also mentioned by witnesses as having excessive pay packages for CEOs .
'' we believe the longterm prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive '' , Goldman said .
the 14yearold national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont , NC , got a word that sounded like '' zistee '' during competition Wednesday .
in math , 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 96 percent of high school students must be proficient .
they said the police officers also entered various private wards at the clinic and attacked patients .
the Pentagon has begun an official investigation into Boykin s remarks .
the technologylaced Nasdaq Composite index ixic was down 155 points , or 009 percent , at 174491 .
writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , Vincent s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20milelong Disraeli fjord .
Greenspan s Federal Reserve , the US central bank , decides interest rates in the world s largest economy .
the agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor .
speaking to reporters at a New York news conference , Universal McCann s Coen projected that total US ad spending will rise 46 percent to $ 2477 billion this year .
McDonald s said in a statement that it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for use in the United States .
a couple starved their four adopted sons for years while allowing their daughters to feast on takeaways , police and neighbours said today .
'' it is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but then again , I look forward to the challenge '' , he said .
Sharon has said he is willing to free Dirani and Obeid because holding them will not bring back Arad , who Israel believes is held by Iran .
on June 10 , the ship s owners had published an advertisement on the Internet , offering the explosives for sale .
the first products will likely be dongles costing $ 100 to $ 150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs .
'' it was to fly a plane into the White House '' , Mr Karas said .
magistrates searched Tanzi s home near Parma on Wednesday and tried to question him the same day , only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country .
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday .
but he added that De Niro is '' a private person and does nt care to have his treatment out for public consumption '' .
US stocks rose slightly on featherlight volume on Friday , as Wall Street regrouped after the biggestever power outage in North America .
the decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning they have barely enough time to organize the election .
'' the message to the public is : if you are thinking of getting a flu shot , do nt wait any longer '' , he said .
seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday .
under the original Roe v Wade ruling , the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician before a fetus could live outside the womb .
'' it will be a compromise , like the real world requires '' , he said .
the indictment says the investment was a breach of fiduciary duties and resulted in the state pension fund immediately losing $ 1 million .
he ordered him sent to the Larned State Security Hospital for continued evaluation and treatment .
it said the patents were '' allegedly '' assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership .
the head of the intelligence service under Mr Fujimori , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of tortures and disappearances .
consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped to 326 from 294 , while those saying work was plentiful slipped to 126 from 13 in April .
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive .
Sanders and colleagues at RAFT exposed skin samples removed from consenting patients during surgery to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight .
supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores .
according to Central Command s initial reports , the attackers fired from a mosque in the city .
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960 .
Ryan Harvey , a high school outfielder from Florida , was chosen sixth by the Cubs .
the findings are published in today s edition of the journal Nature Medicine .
analysts attributed its rise to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc WCOEQPK and talk that ATT could be a takeover target , among other factors .
Scotland Yard s decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July .
another brother , Ali Imron , received a life sentence after he cooperated with the authorities and expressed remorse .
buyers can now choose a Windows and Officeloaded desktop for 12390 baht LRB US 298 RRB , excluding taxes , the report said .
police deputy chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise went well , with some aspects , including the communication system between varying agencies , working better than expected .
Eurex said '' the vast majority '' of trades on Eurex US would be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on '' participation in incentive schemes '' .
instead , they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets .
Republican officials said the advertisements were proof that Democrats were panicking about losing their stature on Medicare .
US forces organized the elections , which officials said were a step toward establishing democracy in the nation .
'' I think it happened very quickly '' , said Investigator Phil Yochum of the Houston Police Department s homicide division .
'' happy people sleep better , have better diets , exercise more and have less levels of stress hormones '' , Cohen said .
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items .
'' we did not want to shut down '' , Diamond testified under questioning by Matthew Fishbein , one of ODonnell s lawyers .
while he is now spared that threat , his codefendants in the same case are not protected .
the court today reversed the decision of that court , the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit .
'' I think it s obvious I m not riding as well as I have in years past .
as stark as the numbers themselves , is the conundrum they highlight : the growing difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multiethnic society .
Chirac , who has the authority to pardon lawbreakers , refused Humbert s request to be allowed to die last year but kept in close touch with the family .
InterActiveCorp s shares closed at $ 3419 , down $ 281 , or 76 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton lrb news - web sites rrb , citing the lack of a health exception , vetoed it .
water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis .
three such vigilantestyle attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as '' Eleonora67 '' , to extend the contest until 3 pm Arizona time Sunday .
two years ago , the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate .
the main change , said CNN president Jim Walton , was a fundamental shift in the way the network collected its news .
it called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days .
Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan .
their biological daughter Renee Jackson , 29 , said she made huge pots of beans and rice , and meat and casseroles .
United said it the new airline use 40 jets , each seating 156 passengers .
a sensitive light detector then looks for the telltale blue glow .
'' she was crying and she was really scared '' , said Yasin .
British military police have also been taking statements from 30 of the women who have made the allegations .
bin Laden s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the US crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations , bank accounts of terrorrelated organizations and money transfers .
a federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down RX Depot , a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada .
at best , Davydenko s supporters were naively ignorant to tennis etiquette ; at worst , they cheated -- yet went unpenalised by umpire Lars Graf .
'' we have found the smoking gun '' , said Hubbard , director of NASA s Ames Research Center in California .
the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam suspended peace talks April 21 citing a lack of progress .
her son would get upset , his mom said , but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
'' I will pass on to him that Canada still remains a safe , secure and reliable supply of energy '' .
and because it is so far out in international water , salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does nt have to share the wealth with coastal state governments .
'' the committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role '' , said Carl McCall , the lead director of the NYSE board .
Blair praised the work of the Rhodes Trust , saying it was an Australian Rhodes Scholar he met while at Oxford who first interested him in politics .
some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke .
'' we re a quiet , peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens '' , Bennett said .
but the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores .
the findings , published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association , were the latest bad news about estrogenprogestin therapy .
'' we re optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good '' , said Dr David Fleming , the CDC s deputy director for Public Health and Science .
'' I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening . . . it was mostly a monologue '' .
UK retail likeforlike sales for the 17 weeks to December 27 were flat , with gross margin down two percentage points .
'' this is a cloud hanging over their credibility , their word '' , Hagel said on ABC s '' This Week '' .
a White House spokesman added that Iran had '' one last chance '' to comply with its disarmament obligations .
in Chatsworth , 32 miles northwest of Los Angeles , residents of multimilliondollar homes there were told to gather their belongings .
the MDC said that an opposition supporter , Tichaona Kaguru , died in hospital after being tortured and assaulted by the soldiers putting down the antiMugabe protests .
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus , which allows developers to work in Java , Visual C and VisualBasic NET .
the French foreign minister , Dominique de Villepin , is also expected to attend .
last week , former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government s investigation .
on Tuesday night rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat or stabbed others .
legal experts say the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child s suicide .
but he urged the delegates who elected him to be '' kind and sensitive and gentle '' to believers who '' will not understand what you ve done here today '' .
an attempt to keep the fund open for another year fell flat in the Senate last month .
he said they should '' not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they are in their time of when they re conducting their prayers '' .
this is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq '' .
at that time , Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud .
his sport utility vehicle was found June 25 , abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach , Va
in her testimony , Kate Hannum said she was 5 12 months pregnant when her mother was killed .
the latter would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against unexpected healthcare expenses , neither of which is currently available under Medicare .
the test , in four sections , includes algebra and geometry , along with some questions on probability and statistics .
Sir John has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more alQaeda agents in Britain than previously thought .
the ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqi council to make the invitation - a move he said the United States appears unwilling to make .
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque .
Lee , 33 , said the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother s bedroom .
'' I ve played Brazilian music , but I m not Brazilian .
the 36 employees at Think Dynamics will remain in Toronto and become IBM employees , Crowe said .
the National Transportation Safety Board had subpoenaed him , but he initially ignored the order .
the collaboration gives architect David Childs , who has done extensive work with Silverstein , the lead role in developing the tower , which is to be the world s tallest .
EDS reported a firstquarter loss of $ 126 million , or 26 cents per share .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell .
police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead .
the 30year bond US30YTRR lost 1632 , taking its yield to 420 percent from 418 percent .
at 1800 GMT , the Federal Reserve issues its beige book summary of US economic conditions .
this after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flulike symptoms .
'' the proposed settlement is too expensive for the ratepayers '' , the governor said in a statement .
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations .
Oracle shares also rose on the news , up 15 cents to $ 1351 on the Nasdaq .
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment .
Panther Server also includes an updated release of Apache , along with Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis for creating powerful web services .
that measure was limited to the city of Arequipa amid protests , that killed three people , against the sale of two power firms .
now the rest is just mechanical '' , said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .
the Americas market will decline 21 percent to $ 306 billion in 2003 , and then grow 157 percent to $ 354 billion in 2004 .
Japanese Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi expressed support for the air campaign . he also appealed to Baghdad to unconditionally accept UN weapons inspections .
lrb Reuters Canberra rrb Australia Minister for defense , McLachlan , said yesterday that Australia is preparing to send a military officer to East Timor to monitor Indonesian troops redeployment .
trade to Japan surplus up to US 17billion .
all military units should guarantee the reform , development and stability of the society while participating in the construction of regional economy and working towards the common prosperity of all nationalities .
lrb Kuala Lumpur rrb Lien Hoe is expected to redeem the rest 65 % of the bonds , whose tatal value is 53810000 lingji , at the end of this year by getting the loan finacing from banks .
Irish Republican Army announces ceasefire
Senator Lott hopes that the trial will start on Jan 11 and finish within two weeks .
the above is the report by Min Yan from Toronto s The Voice of America .
the National Security Planning Bureau said in a statement that 67yearold Kim Fuji and 71yearold Park Dungyi recently returned home via a third country .
as he had visited the destroyed airraid shelter to find nearly 400 civilians died .
another report from Buenos Aires sent by Vlekus , a VOA correspondent , said that several American congressmen brought this dispute to the conference hall in Buenos Aires last Tuesday .
foreign investment is quickly developing new forms of building materials , new technology and finelyprocessed building materials .
the statement said that both of them were seized during the war by the Chinese soldiers near the border between South Korea and North Korea in the Northeast area .
it is reported that the Wenzhou city government has drawn up a plan to start a larger scale upsurge in irrigation network construction throughout the city in the winter of this year and the spring of next year .
according to the ruling of the International Tribunal , Bosnian Muslim Firallic was not responsible for the atrocity committed against the Serbian prisoners of war in the Zerabic Camp .
according to the Information Center of Chinese Human Rights and Democratic Movement , about twenty members of the Chinese Democratic Party of the Zhejiang and Shanghai branches originally planned to meet at a restaurant in Hangzhou city on Friday afternoon to hold their first conference .
'' we do not plan to stay in office up till the expiry of our term .
he pointed out to Congress that discussing the problem annually would only bring disadvantages to the US . in fact , it would affect the confidence of US businessmen about investing in China , thus affecting employment opportunities for US citizens .
China plans to make investments in its infrastructure facilities in order to cast off the effects of the Asian financial crisis .
this morning , Norodom Ranariddh , the first Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia , and Hun Sen , the second Prime Minister , met with Benny Widyono in premier mansion . the latter is UN SecretaryGeneral s representative in Cambodia and just took his office .
presently , the diversified structure for China s utilization of foreign investment has taken shape . the investment comes from over 170 countries and regions .
Xinhua news agency . Moscow . Jan 8 . Russian premier Chernomerkin said in a state conference held on 8 that Russian s main achievement in 1997 was that it has created basic preconditions for future economic growth .
among the purchasers 19 of them were mid range with the average price of 1060000 yaun , while 6 high range apartments were sold for an average of 1400000 yaun .
the ground control officers for the team that were attempting to circumnavigate the world by balloon said that , the three men should fly towards the air space under control of China . then they will continue towards the east crossing the Pacific Ocean .
however , she warned that the phenomenon of credit contraction still exists .
Lan Wei and Chen Sheng qualified for 1meter springboard diving intermediary contest at the world swimming championships
Mr Lord said that he hoped the trial would begin on Jan 11th , and come to an end in two weeks time .
Bangkok overhead railway will start again
Siazon said Cambodia will not become an ASEAN member automatically even if the Cambodian opposition parties form a coalition before the summit meeting .
in its letter to the Indonesian President Habibie , the committee said , issuing the subpoena is '' the first step taken by the police for prosecution '' .
Portuguese foreign minister is meeting with UN officials for excessive Indonesia forces in East Timor
Pfizer is considering whether to make any commercials that directly mention Viagra .
lrb APF report from Lisbon rrb according to reliable sources , Portuguese Foreign Minister Gama will hold talks with a UN official in Geneva on the issue of overdeployment of Indonesian troops in East Timor .
the total value of the 6 % interest , redeemable , guaranteed bond issued by Lien Hoe Group was 8574 million ringgit . the maturity date was August 17 , 1998 .
this great strip made by Xuezhou National Front Youth League is 150 metres long , 100 metres long and has been applied to enter Gennis world records .
what follows is a comprehensive report by Voice of America ' Fang Yuan .
but , he promised to carry out reform measures on a large scale and stop the corruption ethos that had weakened the nation s economy .
it is a second major discovery since the discovery of a valuable fossil of dinosaur egg last year .
the fact indicates it is an urgent task to improve the competitive position of state enterprises in the market .
Voice of America s Zhou Youkang filed the following report from the press conference .
human right organizations censured for the violation of human right by Indonesian armed forces in East Timor .
below , please listen to the comprehensive report of Voice of America reporter Fang Yuan .
the color of the two '' islands '' is completely the same as that of the '' mainland '' .
a loan of US 13 million from the Dutch government has been employed for the Qinzhou Harbor conveyance facility construction project .
lrb Agence France Presse wire Hong Kong rrb many people in Hong Kong are unwilling to call themselves Chinese even though Hong Kong rejoined China last year , a public opinion poll released yesterday shows .
'' is glass capable of resisting such pressures ? ''
'' I can not wait to find out '' .
'' he will not turn down your assistance . come along , Ned '' .
'' oh ! '' exclaimed the Canadian , whose eyes had not left the ocean . '' it s getting closer , it s coming into the Nautilus s waters ! ''
this dose of sanity cut the harpooner s complaints clean off .
'' kindly listen to me , and you will see if you have grounds for accusing me of insanity or selfcontradiction '' .
'' Mr Land '' , I answered , '' we have to adapt to the schedule on board , and I imagine our stomachs are running ahead of the chief cook s dinner bell '' .
this logic , backed up by figures , left me without a single objection .
'' a floating lighthouse '' , said someone next to me .
'' well , have I convinced you ? ''
some Hong Kong officials complained that over 150 years of colonization by Great Britain has made it difficult for Hong Kong residents to claim their identities .
last week he announced that he was considering resigning soon .
rural enterprises accounted for onethird of Fujian s gross national product .
the orphanage took good care of him for 16 years , and had spent over RMB 3 thousand for tuition , materials , and other support since last year .
education administration departments from each city and county in the disaster area have offered to lower tuition fees or to give help to parents ' who have experienced hardship due to the disaster , and have promised that students will be able to begin classes on time .
three years later , the economy of these cities grew fast and the local economic strength improved . the economy registered an average annual increase of 17 % higher than that of the national average annual rate .
it is not clear now if these changes mean that the government will reduce its loans provided to the stateowned enterprises , causing some largesized enterprises to gradually go bankrupt .
Israel presides over the security of the airport .
the national security planning Bureau said in a statement that 67yearold Kim Fuji and 71yearold Park Dungyi recently returned home via a third country .
Korea also expressed its position on supporting the united air raid by the US and Britain .
at the beginning , teachers of the orphanage accompanied him to school and picked him up , but from the second year , he became a resident student and went back to the orphanage only for weekends . he never missed a class , rain or shine .
the Hudson building was at one time the world s largest retail store , and was a landmark in Detroit .
Chinese building materials industry developing quickly through outward cooperation
in a similar investigation did at half a year after Hong Kong s returning to China , 40 % of them call themselves as '' Hongkongnese '' , and 18 % as Chinese .
businessman running electronic products there had to move out after the riot in May .
however , under any circumstances , Hopewell will not be allowed to get involved again .
the Clinton government said that after the provision the research fund will be the biggest investment of American public funds in AIDS research .
he said '' , law is fair ... if he is innocent , I believe he will be released .
as explained by officials from the Ministry of Railroad , the construction of this communication network is a part of the reform project on national railroad communication networks .
the award , consisting of five fields , is awarded annually and respectively to individuals and bodies that have made outstanding contributions in such fields as government service , public service , community leadership , journalism and literature , creative exchange art and international understanding .
Cesar said , Alatas once promised to gradually reduce Indonesia s military presence in East Timor .
Chief Minister of Sarawak believes Anwar may have committed sodomy and other crimes
additionally , Gansu is opening up well to foreign development .
French Foreign Ministry said that because the leader of Iraq refused to cooperate with UN , which resulted in this very pitiful ending .
Fujian Province already has eleven village and township enterprises that have made it into the ranks of the '' Most Economically Profitable Village and Township Enterprises '' of China .
I think we have talked about it many times . in this respect , special attention should be given to handling properly the issue of Taiwan .
the fourth stage actually divides into 4 areas , 174 units of independent and semidetached traditional style houses , western style houses and shop fronts .
human rights organization condemned Indonesian troops ' infringing behaviors upon human rights in East Timor .
dinosaur fossils found in Henan Xixia .
gross foreign trade importexports for this province reached US 20 billion last year , actually employed foreign capital exceeded US 41 billion , and the total amount of foreign contract engineering and labour cooperation reached US 355 million .
but the worst effects have already appeared , and will continue into next year .
'' I think this issue is absolutely an internal issue of the United States of America .
this indicated that accelerating the marketing competitiveness of the stateowned enterprises has become urgent .
Ding Hao attended primary school in the institute of welfare . he then attended junior high in a nearby rural high school .
McLaren and Zhou Jiahua also investigated the prospects of Canada and China s cooperation in the realms of trade and technology .
the appointment came right before a summit meeting in the United States between the Palestinian and Israeli leaders on a temporary peace agreement .
Paris . Feb 14 . staff reporter Lu Wangda reports : the French Foreign Minister Dumar declared that France will not agree with the demand to amend the UN charter in order to redistribute the seats of the five permanent member states of the UN Security Council .
later the military drove a military vehicle to rescue this badly wounded man .
in 1990s , cooperation between the two sides continued to deepen ,
financial and investment companies will be uniformly controlled by the Ministry of Finance .
Marchi indicated that Canada should add human rights as a new factor to its foreign trade policy .
on Wednesday , five public procurators of the House of Lords of Britain began to hold a court on an appeal from a lower court .
La Nina means that the surface temperature of the water is a lot lower than normal , so that its affect on regional climates is the opposite of that of El Nino .
the constructions of these projects have been going smoothly .
what s more , analyst said that corruption and malmanaging situations generally lies in government and judicial authorities that are in charge of SOEs .
Pfizer is considering whether it will run any advertisement directly mentioning Viagra .
last year , the economic benefits to the large and medium sizes governmentowned enterprises started to show . by October , the net loss incurred by these enterprises was reduced by more than 50000000 yuan , comparing to the same period of last year .
however , the statistics from Bureau of Immigration show that from 1996 to 1997 , while 11978 new British immigrants came to Australia , 3737 people left during the same period of time .
some analysts think that because a high unemployment rate may cause social turbulence , China will solve the loss problem of stateowned enterprises in the way of merger instead of bankruptcy .
experts say the El Nino is becoming a new phenomenon called the La Nina .
this has a very important significance for studies of classification of dinosaur in Xixia area , probe of the dinosaur ecological habit and propagation behavior , restoration of ecological environment of dinosaur times , revelation of the rules of the earth s crust transition and earth environment evolution etc .
according to Philippines officials , Malaysia is another country , apart from China , that posed potential threat to Philippines in Spratly Islands .
Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan repeatedly raised the Taiwan issue while attending the General Assembly of the United Nations this time , and has done so in numerous public appearances on his visit to Washington .
this huge cloth stripe , with an area of 150 meters by 100 meters , will be made by National Front Youth League in Saba province and will apply for World Genius record .
Congressman Clayey Chelwo said in a letter that Suharto should be extradited because of his inhumanity in East Timor .
Bowen had an onsite interview and saw the destroyed bombshelter , about 400 civilians had been killed .
and Netherlands government and business circles believe that Hubei is a highly potential region , and enjoys the possibilities to cooperate with Netherlands in communication , infrastructure , agriculture , energy and many other fields .
last month similar negotiations were held in Pyongyang .
Tayi is currently attending an international alumni meeting in Adelaide .
at present , a group of township enterprises with higher technical level and greater potentiality are springing up in Fujian .
he deemed that the liberties and democracy Chinese people have now are unprecedented in China before . China has also taken an active cooperative attitude in the protection of intellectual property rights . US should not be blind to all of these .
the 75yearold Dole said in a statement : '' I believe this campaign will help men pay serious attention to the health problems they are afraid of discussing '' .
the American tennis competition came into its third day .
development of township enterprises in Southeast Fujian of China continues to take the lead
tanks were patrolling on the streets full of stones and broken glasses , thousands of soldiers , with guns and tear bombs , were watching the local commercial area and kept the riots away from here .
Dole s commercials are the first attempt by Pfizer to promote Viagra through television .
the United Nation s GeneralSecretary began assisting in PortugalIndonesia peace negotiations in 1983 .
in 1975 Indonesia invaded East Timor , the former Portuguese colony , and after several weeks annexed East Timor to Indonesian territory .
he believes that the freedom and democracy that the Chinese people enjoy right now are incomparable with the situation in the past , and that the US should not be indifferent to the cooperative attitude China has adopted toward the issue of intellectual property rights .
it was unexpected that these two men became relatives by marriage in the period of prison .
Moer said that '' , we frankly discussed East Timor and other related questions '' .
meanwhile , the Chinese and local Indonesians guarded their houses side by side around the China Town in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta .
it is reported that even if the project will cause serious environment problems '' , it remains an effective means of easing land resources shortage in the next century , especially as China has such a huge population '' .
Fengling , China s only economic development zone established by a small city , is Shanxi s new conduit to the outside world . Shanxi is a landlocked province .
Australia sends military officers to East Timor to monitor Indonesian troop movements
37 % of them pointed out that the British people s cases were not treated the same as the others .
at that time , some famous movie stars , such as Gabao and Pecker etc , had been there .
Taiyimamu also attributed Malysia s recently tarnished international image to Anwar .
the code prohibits people from defaming a religious group .
it also says that the two were forced to do slavery work in the coal mines in the North before their fleeing .
a total of 37 percent said that complaints made by English immigrants do not receive the same conscientious treatment that those of other ethnic groups do .
the official of Henan government announced the projects of the economic cooperation over which the representatives present discussed .
tanks patrolled along the street littered with stones and broken glass , with thousands of troops armed with guns and tear gas bombs guarding commercial districts to keep away rioters .
but Moore said that Habibie refused to let Shelman , the former director of the Australian Criminal Department , investigate that five Australian journalists were killed in East Timor in 1975 .
the declaration said '' Qianrongche tried to protect himself from being removed , he only apologized . . . . ... he thinks of his own interests before those of any others '' .
now , please listen to VOA correspondent Fang Yuan s comprehensive coverage .
production and assembling will be finished for all the equipments during this year .
that was the report from the VOA correspondent Fang Yuan .
two prime ministers of Cambodia asked UN SecretaryGeneral to extend the duration of his representative in Cambodia to six months or longer .
according to what passed around among the foreign reporters , which are evidently confidential documents of Indonisian military department , by the end of July this year , Indonesian soldiers stationed in East Timor will have amounted to 17834 .
currently Pinochet is in London , waiting for the Upper House to make a decision on whether to extradite him .
but in most cases , they are released soon .
statistics show that more than 50 out of 191 established village and township enterprises around the province are with the output value over 100 million renminbi yuan , some of them even reaches 500 million to one billion yuan .
in May this year , Dole confessed his trial use of Viagra and spoke highly of its effect as '' panacea '' .
over 90 % population concentrates on onethird country land .
and the finding of dinosaur bone fossils will provide important clues for searching the geographical location and burying rules of the dinosaur fossils .
during an interview with Australian newspapers yesterday he said that he was '' quite familiar '' with Anwar , and believed that it was extremely possible that Anwar could be convicted of the charges against him .
during the eighth fiveyear plan lrb from 1991 to 1995 rrb , the village and township enterprises in Fujian Province turned over totally 1856 billion renminbi yuan tax to its higher authorities , accomplished export delivery value of 1055 billion renminbi yuan .
this kind of measure had restrained the economic growth and made the unemployment rate go up .
since the debut of this kind of aphrodisiac this April , US doctors have written out 6 million plus prescriptions of Viagra .
Bank of Holland , Wuhan Office , was also officially established just recently .
in a similar public opinion poll that was conducted a half year after Hong Kong returned to China , 359 % called themselves Hong Kong people , 18 % called themselves Chinese .
at the fillingearth meeting in Xiaoshan , Zhejiang Province , the government wanted to fill in a million hectares of the ocean along 18000 km of coastal areas in the next 4050 years .
at first he was taken to and from school by one of the orphanage s teachers . by his second year he was living at the school , and only went back to the orphanage on Saturdays . neither wind nor rain could prevent him from attending class .
Netherlands Trade Promotion Association established a representative office in Wuhan
he said he would hold separate talks with Japanese trade and industrial officials on a new aid package to support Thailand s industrial and agricultural restructuring .
he said that exchange under the RMB capital project had not been under any time restriction from the beginning , so there is no reason to prolong the process because of the financial crisis in Southeast Asia .
Japan is still the largest trading partner , followed by the United States and Hong Kong .
all the parties of Cambodia agreed to national conciliation round table meeting
he said : ''
the overhead railway project in Bangkok will restart .
Dole s ad is the first time for Pfizer to promote sales of Viagra through TV .
I ve never thought that this will have any effect on the development of SinoUS relation .
it is known that Ding Hao , 19 years old in this year , is the first handicapped university student in new China who was adopted by and grew up in Welfare Institute .
75yearold Dorr said in the statement '' , I believe this movement can help men pay attention to the health problems that they fear to discuss '' .
furthermore , the catering trade index in August is also 45 % down the period last year , and this is continuously the 7th month since February 1998 that witnesses the drop of it .
he was referring to what happened in April 1997 when Cambodia was about to join ASEAN .
simultaneously , investment fixed asset was enhanced , with the total investment amounting to 26 billion yuan , marking a rise of 21 % over the previous year .
the ambassador indicated to a US television station that the reconstruction of Nicaragua requires about US 1 billion . he urged US and other creditors nations to formulate an integral economic aid package similar to the Marshall Plan that helped rebuild Western Europe after the war .
National Front Youth League will make the world s largest banner to support the state leader
on Wednesday , Israeli security officials saw Arafat s plane off , which was destined for Paris .
this is the report from VOA journalist Ning Xin .
it is common to see government officials in charge of certain industries at the same time running enterprises in those same industries .
he said that the UN still regards Portugal as the legitimate administrative country of East Timor , which is helpful to their request to extradite Suhatou .
the Western embassies said this figure is very close to what they have estimated .
Fenglingdu Economic Development Zone is the only development zone based on a small town , and is also a new channel connecting Shanxi , an inland province , with the outside world .
Asia s economic revival is in its beginning phase .
but in most cases they were freed soon .
the money spent on food and drink increased from RMB 245 million in July to RMB 248 million .
lrb Agence France Presse wire Detroit rrb the 107yearold Hudson building was reduced to rubble in 30 seconds the day before yesterday .
China will carry on open financial policy
in particular , China enterprises now account for about 50 % of finance and insurance services , 50 % to 70 % of travel and tourism , 30 % of import and export , and 70 % of real estate .
the domain of foreign investment made further development in the areas of new building materials , high technology and processing industry of building materials .
the document said that Malaysia s attempt to occupy the coral reef is a threat to Philippines security because the geographic location of the reef is quite close to Philippines ' Palawan Island .
earlier , Russia recalled its ambassadors to the United States and England in protest of those countries ' military actions .
head of Shalaoye Province : Anwar likely guilty of sodomy
however , Moore said that Habibie refused to let Sherman , former director of the National Bureau of Criminal Investigation of Australia , go to East Timor to conduct investigations on the deaths of five Australian journalists in 1975 .
he also mentioned , Thailand signed a criminal extradition agreement with Hun Sen government in May this year . therefore , Thailand can extradite those criminals wanted by Cambodia to Phnom Penh authority for punishment according to this law .
different levels as well as local party committees , the Government and Military Department should adequately redeploy the numerous officers and soldiers of the militia and reserve . it is important to enhance enthusiasm , creativeness and contribute to intensify reforms , promote developments and maintain stability .
when referring to this year s work , Chelno Merkin said that the new plan for structure modification and economic increase was being drafted , and was prepared to go before the government for discussion .
eleven of Fujian s TVEs have been granted the national '' Most Economically Beneficial TVE '' award .
in the past two years , some foreign merchants expressed their intentions of investing in the urban infrastructures of Xining City .
Mur talked with Vilanto , National Defence Minister of Indonesia , last Friday , and talked with Habibi at Surabaya , the day before yesterday .
in the agreement , Israel will give even more territory in the West Bank to the Palestinians .
furthermore , there are also 5100 domestic linked enterprises and 175 industrial projects currently in production .
experts say the El Nino is becoming a new phenomenon called the La Nina .
the young man who works in a computer company said that he and his Muslim neighbors will keep guard throughout the night to prevent the rioters from looting their homes .
French foreign minister made the above statement yesterday on a French National Parliament Foreign Affair Committee conference .
in private , some people are worried , fearing it might affect the businesses in Canada .
speaking to reporters at the Bangkok international airport , Tarrin said '' , I have already reported to Prime Minister Chuan Leepai on the outlines of how to use the loan but we have nt decide the sum because Japan has nt informed us about it '' .
Philips , the Dutch multinational corporation , cooperated with Wuhan to establish the first foreigninvested enterprise there during the 1980s , the Wuhan Yangtze Optical Fiber and Cable Company Limited
the congressional session will end on Dec 14 .
the US representative said that although some of the issues of comparative concern to the US Congress may be deferred to the next conference for resolution , some progress has been made at the current conference .
Huang Sihua made the comment at an economic report and exchange meeting held by the Malaysian Chinese Industry and Commerce Union the day before yesterday .
Dedence Ministry once expressed that about twenty thousand soldiers were missing during the Korean War . Defence Ministry believes that there are some more survivors .
he considers that the freedoms and democracy that Chinese people are experiencing now can not be compared to the China of the past , and China has taken a positive and cooperational attitude on the issue of intellectual property rights protection , which the US should not overlook .
Guangxi uses US 150 million in foreign capital to build basic transportation and water transport facilities
Gansu economy sees big increase with low inflation
Tung Cheehwa , the chief executive of Hong Kong special administrative region , said in his congratulatory note on national day the day before yesterday '' , as a Chinese , I feel very proud , and I am very proud of the development in our country '' .
import and export exceeds 9 billion USD this year in Pudong new area .
he told the reporter that most of these young looters must have heard about the riot here and have rushed over from places outside Chinatown .
a citizen said '' , I did not expect that I would be completely blackened by the dust '' .
Siazon said '' , some say , have nt we been burnt before ? at that time , just as we were ready to accept them , they fought again several days later '' .
there are 1020 million men with impotence in the United States , and only 10 % of them go to see doctors .
this smaller than expected number of protestors gathered outside of the Kremlin in Moscow , many people also waved communist flags .
supporting nations , Japan , Australia , New Zealand and South Korea : US has no other options
before year 2000 , a nationwide personnel market system will be established primarily with perfect functioning , sound mechanism , full laws and regulations , timely guidance , and thoughtful service .
he said that so many British people left Australia is very disappointing to see . because most of those people are financially independent and technically skilled workers .
China insurance supervision project starts in Beijing
lrb from Kuala Lumpur rrb Lien Hoe is expected to redeem the current remaining 65 % of bonds or bonds with a total value of 53810 million ringgit by the end of this year through financing bank loans .
Mr Min said his neighbors made the barbed wire after the riot in May but they did nt expect to use it so soon .
according to statistics concerned , there are at present more than 100 agricutural produce and byproduct processing enterprises in Jiangsu Province , which respectively boast of an annual output value of more than 100 million RMB .
lrb Kuala Lumpur rrb Malasian press Minister Muhammad Lamo said , those who participated in the demonstrations of '' fire not die '' should not become the puppet of the foreign power to sabotage the nation , instead , they should adopt more sensible means to express their wishes .
in the whole province 11 village and township enterprises have entered the rank of China s '' Economically Most Efficient Village and Township Enterprises '' .
lrb Tokyo rrb Japan , Australia , New Zealand and South Korea , etc expressed their support for '' Desert Fox mission '' . they said that the US has no choice .
it is a permanent title deed for land , with an area of 13 million square feet , and is located at upper end of Jurong Road near Nanyang Polytechnics .
he told the reporters '' , according to the local immigration regulations , these immigrants do nt belong to a category you want to just throw away '' .
Tung Cheehua , the chief executive officer of the Hong Kong special administrative zone , said in his greeting on the celebration of the Chinese Liberation Day , that I am very proud to be a Chinese and also proud of our country s development .
he did not disclose the actual number , however , the military official has said that , there were about 11500 soldiers in East Timor in the middle of August .
Ernino means that the surface water temperature is much higher than usual . this will influence the trend of the air current and consequently change the climate in different parts of the world .
the German Minister of Foreign Affairs Gunser , gave a speech on February 11th that he hoped the united Germany could play a more important role in the UN and have more say in the UN s policy decisions .
compare with the price of the third stage , the price of the fourth stage is 30 % lower .
the annual foreign investment actually used amounted to US 026 billion
US confessed hundreds of Iraqi civilians died in air attack , British reporter said that bombed was not military target at all
Gussa restated that Thailand will absolutely not support any Cambodian party in using Thailand for subversive activities against neighboring countries .
Ding Hao became the first handicapped university student who grew up in Chinese orphanage
Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan repeatedly raised the Taiwan issue while attending the General Assembly of the United Nations this time , and has done so in numerous public appearances on his visit to Washington .
on today s news releasing meeting for national and foreign journalists , Dai Xianglong emphasized that China would not give up finance open policy just because of the turbulent finance in some of the Southeast Asian countries .
Chinese enterprises become the biggest foreign investors in Macao .
Japan s Finance Minister Miyazawa announced a US 30 billion rescue package on October 3 during G7 meeting .
Sacasa expressed to American TV station that it would need about one billion US dollars to rebuild Nicaragua . he urged America and other creditor nations to make an integral economic assistance scheme , something like Marshall plan that helped Western Europe s reconstruction after the Second World War .
Gusa repeated that Thailand would never support any Cambodian group who wants to use Thai help to overthrow any government .
this regulation forbids people to slander religious organizations .
Marchi said Canada should add human rights as a new factor to its foreign trade policy .
Asia is still in the initial stages of economic resurgence .
on the other hand , the food index in August dropped by 45 % compared with last year , and this has been the seventh month drop since February 1998 .
in addition , financial and investment companies will be controlled by the Ministry of Finance .
Thailand s government expressed happiness about the event of two key members of Khmer Rouge , Khieu Samphan and Nuon Chea , surrendering to the authorities in Phnom Penh .
further , this type of , this person taking it with him , has a demonstrative effect on improving local human rights , has a direct effect on this type of worker rights , this thing , has an extremely direct effect .
some analysts believed that China would solve the deficit problem of the stateowned enterprises mainly by the way of merger rather than bankruptcy since worrying about the social turbulence followed by the high rate of unemployment .
there I found Conseil , who wanted to know the upshot of my interview with the captain .
'' yes , Captain , although since I ve been aboard your vessel , I should have formed the habit of not being amazed by anything ! ''
'' me , I am out like a light ! '' Ned Land replied .
'' no , my friend . what s Ned Land up to ? ''
'' they are southern right whales '' , he said . '' there goes the fortune of a whole whaling fleet '' .
'' and with my own ! '' the harpooner replied simply .
'' in Saint - Malo '' , Conseil returned unflappably .
'' no '' , I said , '' the animal s wounded , there s its blood ; but your weapon did not stick in its body '' .
'' you may talk freely '' , the captain told me . '' this man does not understand French '' .
'' gracious '' , Conseil put in , '' a choir of bulls ? ''
I took a last look at the battleship , which was putting on steam . then I rejoined Ned and Conseil .
Conseil was in ecstasy . carried away by his violent instincts , Ned Land leaped up the companionway . but as soon as his hands seized the railing , he was thrown backward in his turn .
'' see ! '' the harpooner exclaimed . '' there s nothing to see , nothing we ll ever see from this sheetiron prison ! we are simply running around blindfolded -- ''
'' that suits me , Captain '' .
'' like a log , Professor . but I must be imagining things , because it seems like I am breathing a sea breeze ! ''
'' yes , Captain Nemo '' , I replied , '' and the Nautilus is wonderfully suited to this whole survey . ah , it s a clever boat ! ''
'' well , we ve got to accept ! '' the Canadian answered '' . once we are on solid ground , we ll figure out a course of action . besides , it would not pain me to eat a couple slices of fresh venison ! ''
'' so here we are , back on shore '' , Conseil said .
I kept on working , but the temperature rose to the point of becoming unbearable .
my mistake . it wanted to retreat , but the unearthly animal came at us with a speed double our own .
I turned and discovered the captain .
'' yes , sir '' .
'' what are they , Captain ? '' I asked .
'' then , sir , with your permission , I will bid you good evening '' .
'' were not its eyes prominently placed and considerably enlarged ? ''
the captain stood up and invited me to follow him . I ' d had time to collect myself . I did so . the lounge was dark , but the sea s waves sparkled through the transparent windows . I stared .
'' ye gods '' , the Canadian shot back , '' I am starting to appreciate the charms of cannibalism ! ''
meanwhile , crazed with terror , the unhinged Papuans beat a retreat . as for us , half laughing , we massaged and comforted poor Ned Land , who was swearing like one possessed .
in less than twenty minutes , swept along by the torrent , the Nautilus had just cleared the Isthmus of Suez .
'' to speak with you , Captain '' .
it was the ship s commander who had just spoken .
'' infinitely rich , sir , and without any trouble , I could pay off the tenbillionfranc French national debt ! ''
after a fairly long silence , the commander went on with our conversation .
'' are mussels included too ? '' the Canadian asked .
a seaman could not be wrong on this topic , and I told the Canadian what had gone on while he slept .
'' good ! '' the Canadian replied . '' from now on we ll pay closer attention to em '' .
Captain Nemo was waiting for me .
'' in any event we are already clear '' , the Canadian replied , '' because we are afloat '' .
after I monitored the operation s progress , doublechecking it with many inspections , I told the captain , '' it s working '' .
'' not at all , my boy . that was a stroke of genius , catching one of these live birds with your bare hands ! ''
'' Master is well aware '' , Conseil replied , '' that I am not seasoned in practical application . when Master has told me these animals ' names ... ''
'' do not give up so easily , Conseil , '' the Canadian replied .
'' aye , sir '' , the engineer replied .
'' positively , sir '' .
'' well , Ned my friend , we ll serenely wait for the tide on the 9th , because it seems the moon will have the good nature to float us away ! ''
near eleven oclock in the evening , I received a most unexpected visit from Captain Nemo . he asked me very graciously if I felt exhausted from our vigil the night before . I said no .
'' yes . it
'' nothing can save him ? ''
'' but Ned , you are a professional whaler , a man familiar with all the great marine mammals -- your mind should easily accept this hypothesis of an enormous cetacean , and you ought to be the last one to doubt it under these circumstances ! ''
I entered the captain s stateroom . it had an austere , almost monastic appearance . an iron bedstead , a worktable , some washstand fixtures . subdued lighting . no luxuries . just the bare necessities .
this said , Captain Nemo went below again to the Nautilus s interior , followed by his chief officer . as for our craft , it no longer stirred , staying as motionless as if these coral polyps had already walled it in with their indestructible cement .
'' then I would ask what you mean by this freedom '' .
'' but how were you able to build this wonderful Nautilus in secret ? ''
'' and could you kindly tell me what everybody knows ? '' he asked me in a gently ironic tone .
'' now '' , Captain Nemo said , '' let s look for our passageway '' .
'' here we are '' , the Captain said .
'' yes '' , I replied , '' because we are going in the direction of the sun , and here the sun is due north '' .
'' only if they are attacked '' , I replied . '' but when these giant seals defend their little ones , their fury is dreadful , and it is not rare for them to smash a fisherman s longboat to bits '' .
'' but what is it that startles you ? ''
'' call it anything you like '' .
'' a company chartered by the Spanish government to search for these sunken galleons . the company s investors were lured by the bait of enormous gains , because this scuttled treasure is estimated to be worth 500000000 francs . ''
by then Commander Farragut , Ned Land , and I were on the afterdeck , peering eagerly into the profound gloom .
'' my friends '' , I said , '' we must not despair . we ve gotten out of tighter spots . so please do me the favor of waiting a bit before you form your views on the commander and crew of this boat . ''
but Commander Farragut did not want to waste a single day , or even a single hour , in making for those seas where the animal had just been sighted . he summoned his engineer .
'' go ahead , then ! '' Commander Farragut called .
'' unfortunately '' , Ned Land said , '' they ve only given us the standard menu '' .
Captain Nemo stopped . I admit it : I still could not see how this piece of history concerned me .
'' whatever you say , Ned '' . then , trying to imitate Captain Nemo s carefree tone , I asked , '' by the way , gallant Ned , are you afraid of sharks ? ''
'' someone is sick ? ''
'' we are going , Mr Ned , where the Captain s fancy takes us '' .
the next morning , February 19 , I beheld the Canadian entering my stateroom . I was expecting this visit . he wore an expression of great disappointment .
our forecastle cannon was immediately loaded and leveled . the cannoneer fired a shot , but his shell passed some feet above the cetacean , which stayed half a mile off .
'' it was 500000000 francs '' , Captain Nemo replied , '' but no more ! ''
'' but how will we set out ? ''
'' why not ? ''
'' I imagine not '' , I replied , '' but he will not want to sample them '' .
'' I am all attention '' .
'' or in other words , on our gigantic narwhale '' .
'' so long as it navigates horizontally '' , Ned Land muttered , '' I ve no complaints . but if it gets the urge to dive , I would not give $ 200 for my hide ! ''
'' fine . stoke your furnaces and clap on full steam ! ''
'' I will not argue with you '' , Ned Land answered . '' but dinner or breakfast , that steward will be plenty welcome whether he brings the one or the other '' .
'' are we up to pressure ? '' he asked the man .
'' what about the frigate ? '' I asked .
'' am I disturbing you ? '' I said out of politeness .
'' right now , Professor , the Nautilus is aground in ten meters of water , and we ve only to depart '' .
before Conseil could finish his sentence , Ned Land scooted down the hatch and ran to look for the captain . a few moments later , the two of them reappeared on the platform .
'' precisely , and that s what I came to tell you -- ''
the outlines of the continents allow the seas to be divided into five major parts : the frozen Arctic and Antarctic oceans , the Indian Ocean , the Atlantic Ocean , and the Pacific Ocean .
'' my friends '' , I said , '' to a question couched in these terms , our answer can be taken for granted . but no solemn promises bind us to the commander of this vessel . ''
'' then unless you fill up the whole Nautilus , I do not see how you can force it down into the heart of these liquid masses '' .
'' the hotel will keep them for us '' .
what a predicament ! we were rocking frightfully . the Nautilus defended itself like a human being . its steel muscles were cracking . sometimes it stood on end , the three of us along with it !
'' agreed . and now , Ned , will you tell me what you mean by a promising opportunity ? ''
just then I was studying a delightful book by Jean Mace , The Servants of the Stomach , and savoring its ingenious teachings , when Conseil interrupted my reading .
'' a mere nothing , sir '' .
'' very easily '' .
'' an indisputable event , my gallant Ned . accordingly , people have proposed naming this devilfish Bouguer s squid '' .
'' Conseil ! '' I shouted . '' Conseil ! ''
'' 193 miles per hour , sir '' .
'' is there any immediate danger ? ''
'' until now , however , I ve seen only clear waves , without any unique hue '' .
'' Ned ! '' I exclaimed .
'' what ! '' Conseil put in . '' squid , ordinary squid from the class Cephalopoda ? ''
'' but I did not say we ' d return to Europe '' .
but no sooner had I peered into the eyepiece than the instrument was snatched from my hands .
'' it can not be ! '' Conseil exclaimed .
'' and what are you going to do ? ''
it was obvious that we did not understand each other .
'' the sea is rough '' , I said .
'' I think we are trapped , Captain '' .
'' look ! look ! '' the Canadian exclaimed , his voice full of excitement . '' it s approaching ! it s coming toward us ! it s thumbing its nose at me ! it knows I can not do a blessed thing to it ! ''
'' over to somebody with better aim ! '' the commander shouted . '' and $ 50000 to the man who can pierce that infernal beast ! ''
'' here s what I found at the very site of that final shipwreck ! ''
'' in a church ! '' the Canadian exclaimed .
'' then , Professor Aronnax , I propose an unusual excursion '' .
Ned Land did not reply . his pursed lips and frowning brow indicated that he was in the grip of his monomania .
'' at close quarters ? '' I repeated .
'' finally , we are upright ! '' I exclaimed .
'' a speed of fifty miles per hour '' .
as soon as I was dressed , I made my way to the main lounge . it was deserted .
'' why , Ned , why ? ''
'' no , Ned '' .
Ned Land could not conceal his glee . he was a prisoner escaping from prison and never dreaming he would need to reenter it .
'' how true ! ''
soon Keeling Island disappeared below the horizon , and our course was set to the northwest , toward the tip of the Indian peninsula .
'' never , sir '' , the captain said , swiftly interrupting me .
'' in sight of land . I saw it through the mists just this morning , twenty miles to the east '' .
'' begging master s indulgence '' , Conseil replied , '' but our friend Ned is concocting a kangaroo pie that will be the eighth wonder ! ''
'' this ll mean a delay '' , Ned said .
'' but Professor '' , our irascible companion went on , '' can not you see that we could die of hunger in this iron cage ? ''
this inquiry was so unexpected that I stared at him a good while without replying .
the Nautilus kept to an eastnortheasterly heading , a speed of twelve miles per hour , and a depth between fifty and sixty meters .
'' no , sir '' , he replied , '' this time an accident '' .
'' farther south ? '' I asked , gaping at the captain .
'' at least a hundred '' .
I was stretched out on the seafloor directly beneath some bushes of algae , when I raised my head and spied two enormous masses hurtling by , throwing off phosphorescent glimmers .
'' and how long was it ? '' the Canadian asked .
I stood up , went , leaned on my elbows before the window , and I saw it .
'' that would be gambling with the lives of my men '' .
'' we are about to depart '' , he said .
'' but Ned my friend '' , Conseil said , '' why not ask Captain Nemo for permission to hunt -- ''
'' surely , but as we move ahead to the far end of this gulf , you will note its odd appearance . I recall seeing the Bay of El TUR completely red , like a lake of blood '' .
'' what if we do not return to the Nautilus this evening ? '' Conseil said .
'' if you do not mind , Professor '' , Captain Nemo told me , '' we ll determine our exact position and fix the starting point of our voyage . it s fifteen minutes before noon . I am going to rise to the surface of the water '' .
'' but , sir '' , the Canadian went on , '' in the Red Sea you authorized us to chase a dugong ! ''
so I had to resign myself to my fate and get ready to escape . my baggage was not heavy . my notes , nothing more .
'' from its rigging and its low masts '' , the Canadian replied , '' I bet it s a warship . here s hoping it pulls up and sinks this damned Nautilus ! ''
'' nothing '' .
'' what s this ? they are firing at us ! '' I exclaimed .
'' well , Professor Aronnax '' , Captain Nemo answered me , '' we are actually in that Bay of Vigo , and all that s left is for you to probe the mysteries of the place '' .
it was indeed that bygone abode of Proteus , the old shepherd of King Neptune s flocks : an island located between Rhodes and Crete , which Greeks now call Karpathos , Italians Scarpanto . through the lounge window I could see only its granite bedrock .
'' how beautiful ! '' Conseil exclaimed .
'' the same '' , I replied . '' Commander Farragut ? ''
'' or rather his bank vaults . by which I mean this ocean , where his wealth is safer than in any national treasury '' .
Pierre Aronnax , Professor at the Paris Museum , Fifth Avenue Hotel , New York .
'' where ? I do not know . when ? I can not say . or , rather , I suppose it will be over when these seas have nothing more to teach us . everything that begins in this world must inevitably come to an end '' .
'' branch Mollusca '' , Conseil said , '' class Acephala , order Testacea '' .
'' you mean you can control this heat ? ''
'' we are yours to command , Captain '' .
'' yes , precisely '' .
just then , in the last light of a moon settling on the horizon , I spotted a face that was not Conseil s but which I recognized at once .
'' we will go with you '' , I said . and we followed Captain Nemo , heading to the central companionway .
I received a letter three hours before the Abraham Lincoln left its Brooklyn Pier ; the letter read as follows :
'' I follow you '' , I said . '' but while they are simple to do , such calculations can give only a very uncertain figure '' .
'' all right , at noon we ll find out what our position is ! ''
'' that s the standard equipment for a diving suit , '' I said .
'' sharks ? '' I exclaimed .
'' it s one of the many islets with which this sea is strewn . for ships a mere reef , for us an immense cavern . I discovered it by chance , and chance served me well '' .
'' me ? '' the Canadian replied '' . I am a professional harpooner ! it s my job to make a mockery of them ! ''
'' a hunting trip ! '' Ned exclaimed .
Commander Farragut then decided to use more direct methods .
'' no matter how faintly it shines , it will be enough for me '' , the captain replied .
however , one bird unique to these shores , which never passes beyond the boundaries of the ARU and Papuan islands , was missing from this collection . but I was given a chance to marvel at it soon enough .
'' sir '' , I told the captain , '' thank you for placing this library at my disposal . there are scientific treasures here , and I will take advantage of them '' .
'' under it ? ''
'' I warn you , this will be an exhausting stroll . we will need to walk long hours and scale a mountain . the roads are not terribly well kept up '' .
I hesitated to speak my mind .
'' look '' .
'' indeed '' , Conseil said . '' but will master now tell us how one goes about extracting these pearls ? ''
'' true , sir , very true '' , I replied with growing excitement .
this cell , properly speaking , was the Nautilus s arsenal and wardrobe . hanging from its walls , a dozen diving outfits were waiting for anybody who wanted to take a stroll .
Captain Nemo stood up . I followed him . contrived at the rear of the dining room , a double door opened , and I entered a room whose dimensions equaled the one I had just left .
assuredly , if the monster ever had to deal with Ned Land s harpoon , I would not bet on the monster .
'' noon ! '' I called .
ceasing all movement for an instant , we listened . and it may have been a ringing in my ear , from this organ filling with impeded blood , but it seemed to me that Conseil s shout had received an answer back .
'' oh , the rascal ! '' Conseil exclaimed . '' I ' d rather he cracked my shoulder ! ''
'' because this bird is as drunk as a lord '' .
'' go to it , Ned '' , Commander Farragut replied . '' engineer '' , he called , '' keep the pressure mounting ! ''
sailors rushed to the helm , engineers to their machinery . under reverse steam immediately , the Abraham Lincoln beat to port , sweeping in a semicircle .
'' pretty nearly , Ned '' .
'' precisely '' .
I fell silent . Captain Nemo stood up .
'' this is outrageous ! '' Ned Land shouted , exploding for the twentieth time . '' I ask you ! we speak French , English , German , and Latin to these rogues , and neither of them has the decency to even answer back ! ''
'' it s only a cluster of phosphorescent particles ! '' exclaimed one of the officers .
'' it always floats '' .
'' as simple as that '' .
'' all right '' , the Canadian said , '' then why should there be any more than that ? ''
I was mulling this over when the captain approached , cool and calm , forever in control of himself , looking neither alarmed nor annoyed .
'' tit for tat '' , Captain Nemo told the Canadian . '' I owed it to myself ! ''
'' would master '' , Conseil said to me , '' give us some background on pearl fishing ? ''
Gibson said in a June statement that he and his film are not antiSemitic .
the Conference Board said its measure of business confidence , which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter .
Peterson s lawyer , Mark Geragos , of Los Angeles , has contested the DNA evidence , saying it is unreliable .
at least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1 .
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers , couriers and overnight mail - to send stashes of cash overseas to their families .
Grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident .
community college students will see their tuition rise by $ 300 to $ 2800 or 12 percent .
one study found that combination therapy doubled the risk of probable dementia and did not prevent lesssevere mental decline .
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene .
if what scientists are observing is truly seasonal change , the planet will continue to brighten for another 20 years .
he added Democrats are not going to make progress if we dont broaden the tent .
Hong Kong has not seen such a protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the 1989 massacre of democracy activists occupying Beijing s Tiananmen Square .
'' a bad decision on Charleroi would have huge implications for stateowned regional airports in France .
he is expected to ask for a lifeline of around  50m to pay suppliers and keep the company afloat .
a year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds .
Microsoft s stock was up 50 cents , to $ 2834 a share in New York yesterday .
at the end of the second quarter , Intel initially predicted sales of between $ 69 billion and $ 75 billion .
Elena Slough , considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world , has died .
it suggests that Congress consider making the CIA director a professional position , rather than a political appointment .
the governor said the use of the credit card was a mistake , and has since reimbursed the party for the expense .
Associated Press quotes a local policeman as saying that the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during an earlier demonstration in the town of Majar alKabir .
El Watan , an Algerian newspaper , reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault , firing Kalashnikov rifles .
the Schaumburg , Illbased company had scheduled its earnings report to be released on Tuesday after the close of trading .
'' those rating present business conditions as ` bad ' increased to 304 per cent from 281 per cent '' , the report said .
as for a free trade area , the official stressed that weve got a long , long way to go , and the Pakistanis understand that .
the dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yenselling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday .
Jeter , who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31 , took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday .
Vasile Ionescu , of the Roma Centre for public policies , said : '' the princess s marriage was not set up by force .
Mony shares rose 876 per cent to $ 3190 in afterhours trading in New York .
in the total external disk storage system market , McArthur said revenue increased 15 percent yearoveryear in Q3 to $ 32 billion .
Quattrone lawyer John W Keker said his client is innocent .
Branson said that his preference would be to operate a fully commercial service on routes to New York , Barbados and Dubai .
under the plan , which GM and Dow were to announce Wednesday in Washington , GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment .
Peterson , 31 , is charged with two counts of firstdegree murder in the slayings of his wife , Laci , and their unborn son , Conner .
'' it was a great shock '' , said Mohcine Douali , who lives in central Algiers .
Dynes will be paid $ 395000 a year ; Atkinson s salary is $ 361400 .
the skull is then punctured and the brain suctioned out , causing the skull to collapse and easing passage through the birth canal .
'' our fundamental values have nt changed '' , Mary Sue Coleman , president of the university , said in a statement in Ann Arbor .
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other coowned centres , such as Knox City in Melbourne , where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake .
the web site of Hong Kongbased Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying it would happen between Oct 10 and 17 and carry two men .
Peterson , 30 , is awaiting trial on two counts of murder for the deaths of his wife , Laci , and their unborn son .
the leader of the opposition , Simon Crean , said from Jakarta that the reshuffle had been forced by ministerial incompetence .
'' whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one '' , Myers said .
Sergeant Randy Force , a police spokesman , said OBrien was nt being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking .
meanwhile , Hynix Semiconductors voiced strong criticism of the United States , calling its decision an '' outrageous tactic aimed at a hidden agenda '' .
Rumsfeld has been feuding for a long time with Army leadership , and he passed over nine activeduty fourstar generals .
'' then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people '' .
in another disaster , 62 Spanish peacekeepers were killed May 26 when their plane crashed in Turkey on their way home .
but Democrats can block any potential nominee through a filibuster if they can get 41 votes .
clearly Roman creams of any type , paint or cosmetic , do not normally survive ... it s pretty exceptional '' .
the Video Software Dealers Association said 282 million DVDs were rented out last week , compared to 273 million VHS cassettes .
Chairman and Chief Executive Leland Brendsel and Vaughn Clarke , the company s executive vice president and chief financial officer , resigned .
Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46yearold man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism .
the Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA s annual lottery Thursday night .
Britishborn astronaut Michael Foale is on his way to take command of the international space station .
the variant the juvenile allegedly created was known as '' RPCSDBOT '' .
for the current academic year , tuition at public colleges averaged $ 4694 , up almost $ 600 from the year before .
the FTC asked the court Wednesday to block the ruling and filed for an appeal .
the technologylaced Nasdaq Composite Index ixic declined 2578 points , or 156 percent , to 162784 .
but as time passed and more people were shot , Moose had to admit that he could nt give the public what it needed most from the police - safety .
'' this deal makes sense for both companies '' , Halla said in a prepared statement .
'' over 10 years , I d say I ve come out pretty close to even '' , he said .
by the time that Reagan left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today .
Mr Bolland said : '' I was astonished at Sir Michael s question .
'' we will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration '' , Reed said in his letter .
any payment to investors will be delayed , potentially for years , until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved .
November 17 s last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders , who was shot and killed at pointblank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000 .
the company updated the MySQL 40 software with the ability to run on the HPUX 11i Unix operating system and Linux on servers equipped with Intel s 64bit Itanium 2 processor .
the vote for mayor followed city council elections that gave Kurds the largest block of votes on the 30seat council .
'' based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte , I believe there s no place but Lowe s Motor Speedway that can do it justice '' .
Tibco s chief marketing officer George AHN said : '' Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products .
Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer , publicist Allen Eichorn said .
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year s conference in Texas .
the document stated : '' this report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue '' .
'' the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of Sept 11 , 2001 '' , he said .
'' Mr Florence died Thursday of heart failure '' , said the couple s lawyer , Maranda Fritz .
'' Ximian brings Novell unparalleled Linux expertise . . . LRB and strengthens RRB our ability to work with and leverage open source initiatives more constructively '' .
Randall Simon followed with an RBI single to right .
another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
I stand 100 percent by it , and I think that our intelligence services gave us the correct intelligence and information at the time '' , Blair said .
as part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions .
there is , however , no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday .
as frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition , PeopleSoft s shares dropped in Monday s trading , decreasing 87 cents to $ 1552 on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
the current plan is to release videotapes of the sessions on Friday , after the review , said Jim Landale , a tribunal spokesman .
a discouraging outlook from GE sent the company s shares down 81 cents LRB US RRB or 27 per cent to $ 2932 .
Selenski s partner in the Friday jailbreak , Scott Bolton , was injured in the escape and hospitalized .
'' Sebastian did his best to confess convincingly to a crime he did nt do in order to survive '' , Ms Richardson declared .
less than a mile away , across a river , St Joseph features trendy restaurants , boutiques , offices and a picturesque beach front .
Myanmar s prodemocracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said Friday .
Boeing said yesterday that Southwest exercised options to purchase 15 737s for delivery next year .
the interview , which also focuses on Schwarzenegger s training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder , was reprinted this week on the web site wwwthesmokingguncom .
already large swells and dangerous surf have arrived along the midAtlantic .
in an advertisement for the book , Berg says , '' more than my remembrances , this book intends to convey hers '' .
a group of investors said Friday it wants to start a television network aimed at the interests of an estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States .
the $ 22 million deal , announced Thursday , is also the largest land conservation transaction in Hawaii history .
on Wednesday , Judge Pollack dismissed a similar classaction lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill s Global Technology fund .
'' with the exception of March 2003 , growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002 '' , the Arizonabased group said .
'' biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing '' , said Robert Fraley , Monsanto s executive vice president .
as many as 1200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school s 143year history .
she leaves her birdie putt some three feet short but drops her par putt .
Fidelity Investments has received a subpoena from New York attorney general Eliot Spitzer , who is investigating charges of markettiming and lateday trading in the mutual fund industry .
despite hefty losses against the euro , the dollar s slide versus the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen s rise .
the broader Standard & Poor s 500 index SPX advanced 2 points , or 024 percent , to 977 .
the secrecy surrounding terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah was again smashed when witnesses from Malaysia testified in the treason trial of Abu Bakar Bashir .
US district judge Edward W Nottingham in Denver denied an FTC request to suspend his decision while the agency appeals .
he claims they agreed on this plot and that finetuning was handed to Dulmatin , a bombmaker who is still on the run .
her 20yearold sister , Allyson , was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition .
the dollar pushed as high as $ 11115 to the euro in early trade , extending Tuesday s one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30 .
he had served nine years in prison , including two on death row , when he was released by a judge and pardoned by the governor .
the case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fundraiser , Telemarketing Associates .
the shooting victim was taken to Kings County hospital center , where he later died , the police said .
he has a very good reputation '' , RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant .
police said there was an argument before the slaying at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9 pm
Simon & Schuster declined comment on the potential lawsuit and would not confirm the contents of the story .
Andy Savage , who is representing Renee Britt , said she is undereducated and has some mental problems herself .
two kids from Michigan are in today s third round .
revenue rose 54 percent to $ 459 billion from $ 436 billion a year ago .
'' we stand behind this program '' , said Dr William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs .
AlGhozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 while on a mission to buy explosives for bombing targets in Singapore .
his body was found July 25 , and former teammate Carlton Dotson has been charged in his shooting death .
Pauley also announced Thursday that she has struck a deal with Random House to pen two books .
the losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire .
at Wednesday s summit , Abbas pledged to end the '' armed intefadeh '' , renounced '' terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be '' and alluded to the disarming of militants .
the second company , to be called Prisma Energy International Inc , includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings .
according to the Census Bureau , the Hispanic population increased by 98 percent from the April 2000 census figures .
they remained in Camden County jail on Sunday on $ 100000 bail .
revenue rose 26 percent , to $ 817 million , the company , based in South San Francisco , Calif , said .
Medicaid , which receives federal and state funding , is the government healthinsurance program for the poor .
he told the Register : '' I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks '' .
the appeal would stop the extradition process and could take several months , Rork said .
she was arraigned on three counts of seconddegree murder and ordered held without bail in Sullivan County Jail .
in Las Vegas , federal agents stormed two clubs - Cheetah s and Jaguars - along with Galardi Enterprises , an office atop a bar in downtown .
in an interview , Ms Healey , who is a criminologist , said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment .
the health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol .
Mississippi is among the bottom five states on nine other measures .
a picture of the doctor s son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died .
the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Robert Korkuc was expected to plead guilty Thursday in federal court on Long Island to securities fraud charges .
Mr Bergonzi was the chief financial officer from 1995 until his departure , and was intimately involved in many of the alleged schemes to pump up Rite Aid s earnings .
Josephine Burke , who ran the illegal day care , served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and childneglect charges .
Kroger s Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity .
the Senate majority leader , Bill Frist , RTenn , said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September .
Mr Truss said he made '' no apologies '' the negotiations had been undertaken in secret .
giving up half the duties is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to US demands and accepted less favourable terms .
that means the case against Gary Lee Sampson , including the capital charges , will now to trial in September .
'' we are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff s claims '' , said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch .
federal officials then gave the Texas DPS officer a number to call at the FAA to initiate lost aircraft procedures .
Malvo s lawyers have presented an insanity defense , saying brainwashing by convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad left Malvo incapable of knowing right from wrong .
years later , Cuba refused permission for her to attend her father s funeral .
Handspring employees are expected to move to Palm Solutions Group headquarters in Milpitas , Calif
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided some much needed insight in Thursday s opening round of the Memorial Tournament .
Brigitte s maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been sent to prison , or that he had remarried in Sydney .
one of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device if a user loses or locks down the device .
Schwarzenegger has admitted to occasionally living the life of a playboy : smoking pot , chasing women and living fast and loose .
in Soviet times the Beatles ' music '' was considered propaganda of an alien ideology .
the value of BP s investment has risen since the deal was announced in February .
a Spanish tanker , Sandra Tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , in the afternoon .
Quattrone is accused of attempting to obstruct justice by endorsing that email , which encouraged coworkers to destroy files on profitable investment banking deals .
in fact , said John Logsdon , a board member and George Washington University expert on space policy '' , human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome '' .
'' the United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq s stabilization '' , Mr Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers .
'' if the voluntary reliability standards had been complied with , we would nt have had a problem '' , Mr Dhaliwal said .
as temperatures soar above 120 Fahrenheit in Basra , fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt .
four people were killed and 50 injured in the attacks .
we intend to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fullypaid for way '' .
three such vigilantestyle attacks forced the hacker organiser , who identified himself only as '' Eleonora67 RRB '' , to extend the contest until 8am LRB AEST RRB today .
they added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved , where they will come from , or where they will end up .
United Airways plans to offer inflight , twoway email on all domestic flights by the end of the year , becoming the first US carrier to do so .
vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks .
the findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine .
but to see those pages Amazon would require users to register , and it plans to limit the amount of any single book a browser can view .
Charlie Chan is off the case for the Fox Movie Channel .
Parson faces one federal count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer .
'' the numbers are starting to change very , very quickly '' , Dr Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Thursday .
Mrs Clinton writes her husband s eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well .
in a 1992 case , the Supreme Court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice , but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe .
investigators matched the dead womans teeth to Aronovs dental records Wednesday morning , medical examiners spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said .
PGE Corp shares jumped $ 163 or 8 percent to $ 2103 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday .
Mr Weill s longtime confidant , Charles O Prince , 53 , was named as his successor .
in a 63 ruling , the justices said such antipsychotic drugs can be used only in '' limited circumstances '' .
a member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase , Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday .
on Wednesday , at 751pm , Mars will be the closest to Earth it has been for 59619 years .
separate downloadable patches are available for the client and administrative versions of Office .
Lee , 33 , said the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother s bedroom .
Computer Associates , EMC , IBM , Sun Microsystems , and Veritas are also onboard to support the storage standard .
the jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire .
the Episcopal Church , with 23 million members , is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion , which has 77 million adherents .
MajGen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla .
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan .
Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec 21 explosions near his house , according to Italian news agency ANSA .
there are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
the Justice Department s office of the inspector general described '' significant problems '' in the Bush administration s actions toward the 762 foreigners held on immigration violations after the attacks .
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on the gas project , a reform of energy laws and constitutional changes .
she looked at her soninlaw and his relatives at times , but the two sides did not exchange words .
among the proposals being considered is for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54member body before the next Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in two years .
'' Saddam s daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools '' , he told The Sun .
Hester said Sanmina s offer was the best among several newisys received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers .
Malvo was in the courtroom for about two minutes yesterday to allow a prosecution witness to identify him .
license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 1076 million .
the average teacher is a 15year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching , the work force portrait shows .
Gov Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply to any tribal activity .
when his grandmother , thenPrincess Elizabeth , turned 21 in 1947 , the day was declared a public holiday , and she attended a reception and a ball .
the two groups said they would collaborate on the design of future memory technologies .
the Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 61 percent .
the most recent addition to the list , which to date includes 125 names , is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev , the former president of Chechnya .
the DVD CCA appealed that decision to the US Supreme court .
it will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands police , strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation .
analysts have estimated that the two networks could fetch as much as $ 7 billion .
'' while many good people work in the telemarketing industry , the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions '' , Mr Bush said .
the meeting would now be held before August 8 .
shares of AstraZeneca , Europe s second biggest drug company , rose 3 per cent on the New York Stock Exchange after the news .
a widely praised film of the same name was directed by Wim Wenders .
the defeat for suspended Alabama chief Justice Roy Moore was expected .
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order .
alcoholrelated fatalities accounted for 41 percent of the total number of deaths .
before that the division was known as the NASCAR Grand National Series .
the firewall in the current Windows XP was known as the Internet Connection Firewall LRB ICF RRB .
NTP also said it would seek an injunction preventing RIM from selling the BlackBerry in the United States .
Robert B Willumstad , 57 , Citigroup s president , was named chief operating officer .
in the first quarter , SCO had reported a net loss of $ 724000 , or 6 cents per diluted share , on revenue of $ 135 million .
the supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open , often at reduced hours .
'' that obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of 11 September '' , the suit says .
the anguish will begin to end and the healing will commence '' , delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone .
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday .
it also offers a '' selfhealing '' option so businesses have continuous access to critical servers , data and applications .
'' they feel so happy making jokes about a mistake like that '' , Sosa said .
Ross Garber , Rowland s legal counsel , said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal .
Telecom equipment maker Lucent technologies Inc lrb nyse : QCOM - news - people rrb rallied 43 cents , or 123 percent , to $ 395 .
we re thrilled to be up 32 '' , Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday .
Isaacs had been on death row longer than anyone in the nation .
Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder .
TEGA is the product of University of Arizona planetary scientist William Boynton , coinvestigator on the Phoenix mission .
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC s claims , and called its recommendations '' irresponsible '' .
last year the freezing winter in Chicago was much warmer than in previous years , snow fall was also much less , it s predicted the next winter will be much the same .
Britain s Immigrants Association has called on the government to face up to the problem for the sake of the immigrants and Australia s economic interests .
in recent years , China began to use loans of international financial institutions to purchase by way of international competitive bidding in field of infrastructure .
'' we want it to be known that Malaysians will not care only for their own safety , or remain silent when somebody attempts to undermine the democraticallyelected government , through nondemocratic or illegal methods '' .
the first round of the woman s tenmeter diving will be held this afternoon .
'' our sole difficulty '' , Captain Nemo went on , '' lies in our staying submerged for several days without renewing our air supply '' .
'' surely . we are cruising in a current of boiling water '' .
'' right , Ned , and then picture the damage such a mass could inflict if it were launched with the speed of an express train against a ship s hull '' .
'' I ve given orders to open the hatches '' .
so those millions had been delivered to their address . at what spot on the continent ? who was the recipient of Captain Nemo s gold ?
'' nevertheless , it will have to do ! ''
'' how many men do you think are on board the Nautilus ? ''
'' not in the least '' .
'' indeed '' , I replied , '' here you are in perfect safety , Captain Nemo . who could reach you in the heart of a volcano ? but do not I see an opening at its summit ? ''
these orders were executed , and the frigate swiftly retreated from this core of light .
'' we are floating on its surface , Ned my friend '' .
'' at my command . an electric wire connects me to the ship . I fire off a telegram , and that s that . ''
'' I ve no idea . but wherever it s from , it will sink before nightfall . in any event , it s better to perish with it than be accomplices in some act of revenge whose merits we can not gauge '' .
'' it s worth trying ! '' I said resolutely .
ten of his companions followed him . all ten met the same fate .
the entire day passed without my being honored by a visit from Captain Nemo . the panels in the lounge did nt open . perhaps they did not want us to get tired of these beautiful things .
'' extremely well , my gallant lad '' , I replied . '' and how about you , Mr Ned Land ? ''
'' can one find several pearls in the same oyster ? '' Conseil asked .
near midnight the sea suddenly resumed its usual hue , but behind us all the way to the horizon , the skies kept mirroring the whiteness of those waves and for a good while seemed imbued with the hazy glow of an aurora borealis .
in wonderment , we leaned on our elbows before these show windows , and our stunned silence remained unbroken until Conseil said : '' you wanted to see something , Ned my friend ; well , now you have something to see ! ''
'' but does this mean the old boy goes ashore ? '' Ned Land went on .
'' yes ! '' I said . '' but what can we do ? ''
'' they will be useless to us '' , he replied .
'' what can we do , Ned , since it is not feasible to escape right now ? ''
'' ask , Professor '' .
'' take a good look '' , Ned went on . '' there , ahead to starboard , almost level with the beacon ! do not you see a mass that seems to be moving around ? ''
'' it remains to be seen '' , I said , '' whether these forests do contain game , and if the types of game are not of such size that they can hunt the hunter '' .
Captain Nemo , commander of the Nautilus .
just then something hard banged against me . I clung to it . then I felt myself being pulled upward , back to the surface of the water ; my chest caved in , and I fainted ...
'' my dear sir , have you forgotten that the Nautilus is armed with a fearsome spur ? could not it be launched diagonally against those tracts of ice , which would break open from the impact ? ''
'' it s marvelous '' , I replied , '' and I truly see , Captain , how right you are to use this force ; it s sure to take the place of wind , water , and steam '' .
'' what I ve got to tell you is very simple '' , the Canadian replied . '' we are in Europe , and before Captain Nemo s whims take us deep into the polar seas or back to Oceania , I say we should leave this Nautilus '' .
well , no . the blackish back supporting me was smooth and polished with no overlapping scales . on impact , it gave off a metallic sonority , and as incredible as this sounds , it seemed , I swear , to be made of riveted plates .
'' all the more reason you should go look him up '' .
near one oclock , Captain Nemo gave the signal to halt . speaking for myself , I was glad to oblige , and we stretched out beneath an arbor of winged kelp , whose long thin tendrils stood up like arrows .
'' hunt them ? what for ? '' Captain Nemo replied . '' simply to destroy them ? we have no use for whale oil on this ship '' .
right now , nothing is clear to me , I still glimpse only glimmers in the dark , and I must limit my pen , as it were , to taking dictation from events .
'' we accept '' , I replied . '' only , I will ask your permission , sir , to address a question to you , just one '' .
'' as for asphyxiation , Captain '' , I replied , '' that is not a cause for alarm , because the air tanks are full '' .
and with that , Captain Nemo left the lounge .
'' they are seals and walruses '' .
after a few minutes , the parts of the fruit exposed to the fire were completely toasted . on the inside there appeared some white pasta , a sort of soft bread center whose flavor reminded me of artichoke .
'' now , Ned , we are all ears '' , I said . '' what have you to tell us ? ''
'' which means '' , the Canadian went on , '' since I ve never fished these waterways , I do not know the whales that frequent them ? ''
'' yes ! the mussels of certain streams in Scotland , Wales , Ireland , Saxony , Bohemia , and France '' .
'' and will we see your companions at work ? ''
'' often , sir , but never a whale like this , whose sighting earned me $ 200000 '' .
'' yes , Ned ! we will escape tonight even if the sea swallows us up ! ''
'' kindly follow me '' .
'' Professor '' , he said to me , '' would it be convenient for you to make an underwater excursion today ? ''
'' then we have ample time to finish our voyage '' , Conseil replied , '' if Ned Land does not mess things up ! ''
I had one question left to address to Captain Nemo .
my reply obviously pleased Captain Nemo . but not knowing what he was driving at , I waited for further questions , ready to reply as circumstances dictated .
I wanted to run to the captain s rescue . but I was transfixed with horror , unable to move .
at the captain s signal we returned to the bank of shellfish , and retracing our steps , we walked for half an hour until we encountered the anchor connecting the seafloor with the Nautilus s skiff .
'' precisely '' , I replied .
'' will Master '' , the gallant lad said to me , '' allow me to wish him a happy new year ? ''
'' it would not displease me one bit '' .
my head struck against an iron timber , and with this violent shock I lost consciousness .
'' ah , Commander '' , I exclaimed with conviction , '' your Nautilus is truly a marvelous boat ! ''
Conseil s unflappable composure cheered me up . I swam more vigorously , but hampered by clothes that were as restricting as a cloak made of lead , I was managing with only the greatest difficulty . Conseil noticed as much .
just then a fairly loud hissing told me that the ballast tanks were filling , and the Nautilus sank beneath the waves of the Atlantic .
'' go on , sir '' , I replied . '' I assume this condition is one an honest man can accept ? ''
'' does anybody fish for em nowadays ? '' the Canadian asked .
'' and you attribute this color to the presence of microscopic algae ? ''
'' it will not take a minute '' , the Canadian replied .
'' very little of it '' , I replied .
'' agreed '' , I said '' . and steam seems to have killed off all gratitude in seamen s hearts . but since you seem to have made a special study of this sea , Captain , can you tell me how it got its name ? ''
'' but what hour is it , then ? '' the Canadian asked .
'' that s fine '' , Ned Land answered . '' I accept the explanation , but in our personal interests , I am sorry this opening the professor mentions was not made above sea level '' .
'' in the harbor ? '' Ned Land said sarcastically .
'' set astern of the pilothouse is a powerful electric reflector whose rays light up the sea for a distance of half a mile '' .
'' and now he rests beside his companions in that coral cemetery ? ''
'' I am unable to say , my friend '' .
'' did we strike bottom ? '' I asked .
'' no '' , I said , '' devilfish of large dimensions . but friend Land is no doubt mistaken , because I do not see a thing '' .
'' open your eyes ! open your eyes ! '' repeated the sailors of the Abraham Lincoln .
I was hard pressed by Ned Land s common sense , and I felt myself losing ground . I no longer knew what arguments to put forward on my behalf .
'' perhaps this is the same as the Alecto s '' , Conseil said .
after crossing a pretty lush prairie , we arrived on the outskirts of a small wood , enlivened by the singing and soaring of a large number of birds .
on January 1 , 1868 , bright and early , Conseil joined me on the platform .
'' what about the Papuans ? ''
'' well ? '' Captain Nemo went on . '' did you hear my question ? do you know the history of Spain ? ''
'' to the Nautilus '' , he said .
'' because I ve seen big baleen whales , sir , whales measuring up to 100 feet long ! I ve even heard that those rorqual whales off the Aleutian Islands sometimes get over 150 feet . ''
'' we are boxed in ? ''
'' only I ve no idea what time it is , Professor Aronnax , unless maybe it s dinnertime ? ''
'' why , the freedom to come , go , see , and even closely observe everything happening here -- except under certain rare circumstances -- in short , the freedom we ourselves enjoy , my companions and I '' .
'' the thought of how hideously fast the Nautilus will need to go , if it s to double the Cape of Good Hope , circle around Africa , and lie in the open Mediterranean by the day after tomorrow '' .
'' I do not say nay '' .
it is quite out of expectation that the two men became relatives by marriage when they are imprisoned in the North .
the project on insurance supervision started in Beijing , China
therefore , the Hopewell Group claimed that Thailand s government should refund the company 100 billion Thai baht LRB about S 42 billion RRB , to compensate them for funds invested and the partial project completion .
in respect of meteorology , we know that El Nino s consequences include the incessant big fire in Indonesia , the flood in the desert in Peru , and the very abnormal climate in many parts of the world .
he said : '' if someone from abroad comes to invest in Malaysia , we certainly welcome that . but if they pay the demonstrator , we certainly will protest '' .
Yunnan Gardens , having 313 units of residential project with land ownership , was developed from Fujian Assembly Hall .
this is the first representative office of Netherland Council for Promotion of Trade set up in China .
Xinhua news agency wire Wenzhou , Sept 1 lrb Hu Hongwei reporting with correspondent Xie Yunting rrb : from Wenzhou s flood and drought prevention headquarters comes the report that the city is expending great effort to make urgent repairs to hydropower equipment damaged in typhoon No 17 .
both El Nino and La Nina resulted from a substantial change in surface water temperature in the tropical eastern Pacific Ocean .
he said , that 83 years old woman was sent to a nearby hospital due to over frightening .
since the inception of the prize in 1958 , a total of 172 individuals and 14 institutions have won the prize .
the plaintiff of the Republicans in the House of Representatives hoped to summon 15 people including Levinsky to testify in court .
'' when I received the admission notice , I really wanted to jump up with joy '' , Ding Hao said , but he could not express his excitement by '' jumping '' .
the three dead bodies were sent back to Iran s city Masahada in an airplane . last month there were six Iranian bodies also sent back to Masahada that were killed in Masalisalifu .
all equipment needed for the project will be produced and installed completely within this year .
Liu hauqing , the vice chairman of the Military Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC , and other committee members Zhong Wangnian , Yu Yongbo , Fu Quanyou also attended the event .
at the press conference , a reporter asked Tang Jiaxuan what the greatest impediment to the current strategic partnership between China and the US was . Tang Jiaxuan answered as follows :
Korean officials said that the latest accident was that a military exercise went wrong at dawn yesterday : the case of a star shell broke through two walls of an old woman s house .
at the same time , in Chinatown , Jakarta , the capital of Indonesia , Chinese people and the native Indonesians fought together to protect their homes .
French Foreign Minister Jupe explicitly indicated last week that the lifting of sanctions shall be '' conditioned upon the withdrawal of French BlueBeret troops and all UN peacekeeping army '' .
at some places where blockade was established , the local residents carried big sticks to disperse groups of strangers .
the Philippine president Ramos attended the awardpresenting ceremony and gave out the medal , bonus and certificate to the six distinguished figures who were honoredly awarded this year s Magsaysay Award .
lrb Beijing , AFP wire rrb the English newspaper '' China Daily '' reported yesterday that China plans to reclaim the land from the sea in the coastal region so that 20 to 30 million people can be settled down in the next century .
Australia will send a military officer to East Timor to monitor Indonesian troops redeployment
due to the drop of the present market interest rate , Lien Hoe planned to redeem the rest bonds by bank loans , without paying the bondholders at a higher annual rate of 15 % .
when he was interviewed by an Australian newspaper yesterday , Tayma said that he was '' well acquainted with Amhad '' , and believed that it was most probably that all the crimes accused to Amhad would be established .
this summer is one of the hottest in the history of the United States .
China s total foreign export is likely to reach US 800 billion by the year of 2010 . this will no doubt increase the demands for transit and transshipment services in Hong Kong , which can strength Hong Kong s position as a trading and shipping center .
township enterprises in southeast Fujian , China , continue their lead in economic development
moreover , Chuan Leekpai warned in his speech that Thailand has not got rid of crises .
Leotard made the speech in Paris when he talking to a broadcast station journalist .
Xinhua news agency , Shantou , Dec 20 . owing to the betterment of investment environment and the good development drive , Shantou hightech development zone has drawn attention from investors at home and abroad .
the Chinese government has always been signifying that Taiwan is a province of China and Taiwan issue is the internal issue of China .
the government of Qinghai Province put forward the idea of commercialization of city infrastructure , and approved '' Some Regulations on Encouraging and Attracting Foreign Investment in Xining City '' early this year .
the competent agencies of the Henan provincial government released lrb a list of rrb foreign economic technological cooperation projects of the province at the meeting and held discussions regarding the purpose of cooperation in the related projects with representatives at the meeting .
the foreign minister feels that the United Nations was born out of the Second World War , and that France and the other permanent members of the council were victors in that war .
Moore said , after the Australian military attache to Jakarta arrives in East Timor tomorrow , he can conduct investigations freely in the area .
Jiang Zemin promised at that time that China would consider joining the missile technology control agreement , which was seen as one of the major achievements in the ChinaUS summit meeting .
more than 90 percent of the population is compacted into onethird of the country s territory .
and La Nina will put on a frightening display next year no less devastating than that of El Nino .
Russian prime minister talked about Russian economic situation .
nowadays , there appeared a lot of enterprise groups with high technology and strong stamina .
the gross national product of the industry of villages and towns made up 13 of the GNP of Fujian Province .
both parties expressed satisfaction for the friendly cooperation between the two armies in the past 30 years .
attendees will also include the Vice Minister of Foreign Trade & Economic Cooperation , Yongtu Long , who accompanied Ruggiero to Shanghai , and former chief representative for trade negotiations of the MOFTEC .
Xinhua news agency , Nanjing , Dec 16 . lrb reporter Zhou Fang rrb an increasing number of investments from foreign capital are being made on agriculture in Jiangsu .
the French Foreign Ministry said that because Iraqi leader refuses to cooperate with the UN caused this sad events .
in the qualifiers , 26yearold Lan Wei from Guangdong displayed excellent skill , and ranked No 1 with a total score of 3553 .
Xinhua news agency , Nanjing , Dec 16 lrb reporter Zhou Fang rrb - foreign investment in Jiangsu s agriculture is on the rise .
some linked global warming with El Nino .
Xinhua news agency , Beijing , January 16th ( reporter : Xu Xingtang , Qian Yuhong rrb . Dai Xianglong , the president of People s Bank of China , said that China will carry on with the open financial policy .
such measures checked economic growth and caused unemployment to rise .
the German Shermans Company is currently working together with a local company constructing a 23 kilometer electronic train engineering project .
he said that the same resolve would lead to the success of the Kyoto Protocol .
however , the official was not willing to explain what kind of missile technology that China provided to Pakistan and Iran , and when this technology was provided .
the Yunnan Gardens project developed by the Fujian society is a 313unit housing project with land .
during the past two years , a batch of foreign businessmen expressed their wishes to get involved in Xining s city construction one after another .
Dai Yuxiang real estate consulting firm said that the most special characteristic of the landed residences at Yunnan Gardens is their spacious appearance .
this curbs economic growth and increases unemployment rates .
according to Xinhua news report from London on February 13 , Bonne , a reporter of BBC in Iraqi capital Baghdad , confirmed on 13th that no any sign showed the bomb shelter in Baghdad destroyed by American bomber was a military blindage .
Siazon said : '' someone says , were we deceived before ? when we prepared to accept them but just after several days they began to fight again '' .
report of PTI said that railway official charged the bus passengers upon the accident .
we mentioned the problems that have attracted Australia s attention , such as the humam rights in East Timor and the issue of sending military officers to East Timor '' .
the two prime ministers of Cambodia asked the UN Secretary General to extend the UN representative s term of stay in Cambodia to six months or longer .
the issue is what we can do now .
now it s 15 months since Hong Kong returned to Chinese jurisdiction , the Hong Kong government has been trying to remind the residents that they are Chinese .
at present , Iran has gathered an army of more than 200 thousand on the border of Afghanistan .
the German Shermans Company is currently working together with a local company constructing a 23 kilometer electronic train engineering project .
he added that the 83year old woman is being treated for shock in a nearby hospital .
furthermore , they should strengthen the consolidation between the military and government , as well as the military and civil people , truly share breathe , common destiny and feelings with peoples of all nationalities .
many of the fossils are in broken pieces due to longtime exposure on the ground .
China and US sign hightech cooperation agreements in Shanghai
Li Chengyu , executive deputy governor of Henan Province , presented an introduction to Henan s natural resources and the state of economic development in the province .
correspondent Liu Zhenting reporting from Bangkok
'' I think we have talked about this many times . in this area , we have to pay special attention to and ensure that the Taiwan problem is properly dealt with '' .
Huang Sihua gave a speech at the Chinese Business Association of Malaysia economic reporting and communication meeting the day before yesterday .
Xinhua news agency report of January 16 from Xiamen lrb by staff reporter Yu yingrui rrb - two supermarkets named '' Bei shun '' today opened to business here .
both parties discussed the specific issues and arrived at a general consensus .
Wangma Computer Company was named after the Chinese character coding method invented by famous computer specialist Wang Yongmin known as the '' Wubi character input '' .
Hangzhou , September 2 lrb Xinhua news agency rrb typhoon 17th brought great losses to the education system of Zhejiang , with buildings and facilities of over 1500 schools damaged .
the Association of British Immigrants appeals to the government to face up to this problem in the economic interests of the local immigrants as well as Australia .
Asia s still just beginning to recover from their own crisis .
the Duma is preparing to consider reinstating Russia and Iraq s political and economic cooperation , in defiance of the United Nations ' eight years of sanctions against Iraq , .
it will not invite Hopewell to join in the project .
the UK High Court of Justice negated the original arrest warrant for Pinochet , because he was a former national leader and entitled to immunity against lawsuits .
besides , in recent years , China introduced the assembly line of predecomposition kiln and built large cement enterprises in Yidong , Ningguo , Huaihai , Liuzhou , etc the annual production capacity was 22 million tons of cement increase .
the lower Divisional Court believes the retired Pinochet had diplomatic immunity , while the Law Lords said diplomatic immunity was not applicable to such actions as genocide , torture and terrorism .
the resolution seems much firmer this time though the Chinese government has issued such orders several times before .
the government that is not afraid of people is not people s government '' .
he was obviously referring to April 1997 when Cambodia was close to reach an agreement to join ASEAN .
the facility was '' covered and disguised to avoid reconnaissance but evidence indicated that it was a military target '' .
but the whole people public voting rejected the territory division proposal , that means the termination of all the peace scheme '' .
according to the statement , in the referendum held on August 27 and 28 more than 90 percent of the voters opposed the territorial divisions proposed by the International Contact Group .
the awarding ceremony was held at the Philippine Cultural Center .
he indicated : '' if foreign people want to invest in Malaysia , we will give them warm welcome ; but if they give money to support the demonstrators , we will surely protest against it '' .
it s also one of the important orders of the products of programcontrolled switchboard made in China .
at present , diversified utilization of foreign capital is taking shape in China . in fact , foreign capitals have come from more than 170 countries and regions .
the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the result of the Iraqi leader s refusal to cooperate with the United Nations was this regrettable action .
'' if we accept them as a new member , we have to deal with the problem once again if they fight again '' .
Indonesia invaded East Timor , the former Portuguese colony , in 1975 and annexed it into Indonesia several weeks later .
