Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby , Doyle said .
'' the woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical .
there 's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .
world economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback .
'' the bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance '' , he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency .
nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board , through there reportedly will be between one and three .
still , Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams ' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva .
'' they were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous '' , said the Oscar-winning film director .
'' we make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks '' , she said .
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky , deputy general director of the plane 's owners , Mediterranean Airlines , said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog .
the retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates .
'' we will accede to the request while we explore all of our options '' , VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters .
two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs .
the US investment bank said : '' we believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive '' .
Tom Kasmer , a 14-year-old from Belmont , N.C. , got a word that sounded like '' zistee '' during yesterday 's competition .
about 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math .
they said many had been beaten , and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients .
the Pentagon , saying that Boykin requested it , is investigating his remarks .
the technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index gained 25.75 points , or 1.5 percent , to 1,746.46 , its highest close in about 15 months .
writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , Vincent 's team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile -lrb- 30 km -rrb- long Disraeli fjord .
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank , which sets U.S. interest rates .
the agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor .
this morning , at UM 's New York office , Coen revised his expectations downward , saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $ 247 billion .
the company emphasized that McDonald 's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald 's use in the United States .
a couple have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them .
'' it 's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program '' , he added '' , but I look forward to the challenge .
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad , who Israel believes is held by Iran .
they had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10 , offering the cargo for sale , he added .
the first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$ 100 and US$ 150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs .
it was to fly a plane in the White House '' .
police searched Tanzi 's home near Parma on Wednesday , and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country .
the measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday .
but he added that the New York-based actor and producer is '' a private person and does n't care to have his treatment out for public consumption '' .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America .
the decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin .
'' the message is : if an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot , they should n't wait .
seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum .
under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling , before a fetus could live outside the womb , the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician .
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement '' will be a compromise , like the real world requires '' .
prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $ 1 million .
he was sent to Larned State Hospital , where he was evaluated and treated .
they passed through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation limited partnership in 2001 to Syndia .
the intelligence service , headed by Fujimori 's spy chief , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of torture , drug trafficking and disappearances .
consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6 , while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6 .
Gregory Parseghian , a former investment banker , was appointed chief executive .
they used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight .
supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores .
initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque .
it was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960 .
Ryan Harvey , an outfielder from Dunedin high school in Florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs .
the findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine .
analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target .
the decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July .
another brother , Ali Imron , was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse .
buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $ 298 , excluding taxes , the report said .
Seattle deputy police chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well , with some aspects , including the communication system linking various agencies , working better than expected .
the vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes '' .
activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries .
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare .
American forces here organized the elections , which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq .
'' I think it happened very quickly '' , Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime .
'' people who are high in positive emotions sleep better , they have better diets , they exercise more , they have lower levels of these stress hormones '' , Cohen said .
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items .
'' we did not want to shut down '' , Lawrence Diamond , the CFO , said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him .
but while the prime minister 's trial judders to a halt , his co-defendants in the same case are not protected .
the court on Monday reversed the decision of that court , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
'' it 's obvious I 'm not riding as well as years past '' , Armstrong said at a news conference .
the numbers highlight a conundrum : the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society .
Chirac , who can pardon a law-breaker , refused Humbert 's request last year but kept in close touch with the family .
IAC 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .
Congress twice passed partial birth bans , but former President Bill Clinton -LRB- news - web sites -RRB- , citing the need for a health exception , vetoed both measures .
the department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory .
three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as '' Eleonora67 '' , to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday .
similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate .
the main change , said Jim Walton , CNN 's president , is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news .
the panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days .
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty .
daughter Renee Jackson said she often made '' huge pots of , like , beans and rice with , like , meat and casseroles '' for the whole family .
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets , each seating 156 passengers .
special , sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow , he said .
'' she was crying and scared '' , said Isa Yasin , the owner of the store .
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women .
the delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations , bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers .
in a major setback to consumers , a federal judge granted the government 's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada .
at best , Davydenko 's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette ; at worst , they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf .
'' we have found the smoking gun '' , investigating board member Scott Hubbard said .
the rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress .
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
'' I will pass on to him -LRB- Mr. Cheney -RRB- that Canada still remains a safe , secure and reliable supply of energy '' , Mr. Klein said Sunday .
it is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration , of Tampa , Fla. , does not have to share the wealth with any governments .
'' the committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role '' , said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement .
he praised the work of the Rhodes Trust , saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics .
some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs .
'' we 're a quiet , peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens '' , said Carolyn Greene Bennett , Cedar Grove 's town recorder .
two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states .
those findings , published in today 's Journal of the American Medical Association , are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy .
'' we 're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good '' , said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening .
like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat , while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points , the company said .
'' this is a cloud hanging over their credibility , their word '' , said Hagel .
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands .
in Chatsworth , 52km north-west of Los Angeles , residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings .
the MDC said a supporter , Tichaona Kaguru , died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests .
this integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java , Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET .
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-sheikh on Wednesday .
former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
the rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others , police said .
experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child 's suicide .
but Mr Robinson urged the voters to be '' kind and sensitive and gentle '' to the believers who '' will not understand what you 've done here today '' .
an attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat .
he said they should '' not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers '' .
this is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq '' , he told reporters .
the Infineon case began in August 2000 , when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud .
his 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach , Va. , parking lot .
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died .
these plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses , neither of which is currently available under the government-run program .
the exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics .
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought .
the ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation , which he said the United States appears unwilling to do .
Graves reported from Albuquerque , Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo .
Lee , 33 , told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom , where he found her .
I loved the Brazilian music I played .
Think Dynamics , which is based in Toronto , will become part of IBM 's Software Group .
the National Transportation Safety Board has subpoenaed Gansas , arguing his immediate testimony remains critical to its investigation .
the agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the '' Freedom Tower '' .
during the same quarter last year , EDS declared a profit of $ 354 million , or 72 cents per share .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons .
police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days .
likewise , the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed 's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations .
in Hong Kong , 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms .
Davis , who appointed all of the PUC commissioners , called the proposed settlement '' too expensive for the ratepayers .
he proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster .
Oracle shares fell 27 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 13.09 .
in 2002 , Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor , accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue .
the product also features an updated release of the Apache web server , as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis .
he made the same decree in June 2002 , but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms .
and it 's going to be a wild ride '' , said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .
the SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .
Japanese Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi expressed support for the air campaign . he also appealed to Baghdad to unconditionally accept U.N. weapons inspections .
-lrb- AFP Canberra -rrb- yesterday , the Australian defense Minister Muer said that , Australia was granted permission to send an official to East Timor to scout Indonesia 's force movements .
trade to Japan surplus up to US$ 1.7billion .
further , each army unit should provide a reliable guarantee of security for reform , development and stability . they should actively join in with local economic development , and work hard to promote the collective prosperity of the people .
-lrb- report from Kuala Lumpur -rrb- Lien Hoe expected that by way of bank loans , it may redeem the currently remaining 65 % or 53,810,000 ringgit of its bonds , before the end of this year .
the Irish Republic Army declares cease-fire
Senator Lott expects the trial to begin on January 11 and to end in two weeks .
the above was a report from Toronto by VOA special correspondent Yan Ming .
in its statement , Korean National Security Planning Bureau said , Kim Fuji of 67 years old and Piao Dongyi -lrb- both names are in transliteration -rrb- of 71 , have returned to Korea through a third country .
Bowin reported from the site of the destroyed bunker that about 400 civilians lost their lives .
VOA correspondent Fleikos said in his another report from Buenos Aires that , several American State Department senators brought this dispute to the meeting hall in Buenos Aires on Tuesday .
the areas of foreign investment are rapidly expanding into the new types of construction materials , cutting-edge technology and intensive processing of construction materials .
it was stated that the two were captured by Chinese soldiers in the southeast area near the border between South and North Korea during the Korean War .
it was learned that the Wenzhou city government has worked out plans to start an even larger project throughout the city for water conservancy construction in the coming winter and next spring .
the international court convicted that Muslim Feralichi of Bosnia need not to be responsible for his troops ' violence committed against the Serb prisoners and criminals of war in the Chelibich POW camp in 1992 .
the news from the Chinese Human Rights Information Center said that originally about twenty members of the Chinese Democratic Party from Shanghai branch had planned to hold their first meeting in a restaurant in Hangzhou city on Friday afternoon .
'' we do not intend to stay until the term is over .
he said that the U.S. Congress 's annual discussion on this issue will only hurt the U.S. itself , affecting the confidence of American business people investing in China and thus affecting job opportunities for Americans .
China plans to invest in fundamental equipment to counteract the effect of the Asian financial crisis .
Norodom Ranariddh , the first prime minister of the government of the Kingdom of Cambodia , and Hun Sen , the second prime minister , met Benni Weidiaonuo , newly-appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General as representative based in Cambodia , in the prime minister 's office this morning .
now , the multi-channel structure of China 's utilization of foreign investment has taken shape , the foreign investment comes from more than 170 countries and regions .
Xinhua news agency report of January 8 from Moscow - Russian Prime Minister Chernomyrdin said at a government meeting on the 8th that the major achievement Russia made in 1997 was to have created a fundamental basis for its economic growth .
19 of them were in the middle , and the average price was 1,060,000 yuan . another 6 were around both corners , and the average price was 1,400,000 yuan .
ground controllers of the nonstop worldwide hot-air balloon flight said that three riders on the balloon should leave the Chinese airspace and fly eastward across the Pacific Ocean .
nevertheless , she warned that the credit crunch still exists .
world swimming championships Lan Wei and Cheng Cheng qualify for second round in 1-meter springboard
Senator Lott expects the trial to begin on January 11 and to end in two weeks .
the overhead railway project in Bangkok will restart .
Siazon said that even if Cambodia 's opposition groups form a united government before the talks the country wo n't automatically gain membership in ASEAN .
in the letter written by the committee to Indonesia President Habibi , it reads that issuing summons was '' the first step of police to accuse '' .
Prime Minister of Portugal talked with an official of the United Nations about there being too many Indonesian soldiers in East Timor .
Pfizer is considering whether they would make any ad directly mention the name of Viagra .
French news agency , Lisbon according to reliable information , Prime Minister of Portugal Garma would meet an official of the United Nations , talking about a report that there were too many Indonesian armies in East Timor .
the total issued value of the redeemable guarantee bond , at an annual interest rate of 6 % , to Lien Hoe is 85,740,000 ringgits , and the expiration date is August 17 , 1998 .
the size of this large cloth banner is 150 meters X 100 meters . it was made by Yue State 's National Youth Delegation , and also for the process of applying for the world record from the Guinness Book of Records .
now listen to the news roundup by VOA reporter Fang Yuan .
however , he swore to carry through a wide scope reform measures , and to stop corruptions that weakened the economy of this country .
this was another important discovery after the rich and precious fossils of dinosaur eggs were found here last year .
this illustrates that improving the state-run enterprises ' competitiveness in the marketplace has become crucial .
Voice of America reporter , Zhou Youkang , covered the press conference and here is his report :
human right organizations condemn the conduct of the Indonesian army in violating human rights in East Timor .
now , please listen to VOA correspondent Fang Yuan 's comprehensive coverage .
the color of the two '' islands '' is exactly the same as the '' mainland '' .
Qinzhougang corollary equipment constructive project used 13,000,000 US dollars loaned by the Holland government .
-lrb- Hongkong AFP -rrb- according to an poll publicized yesterday , although Hong Kong returned to China last year , most Hongkongese were reluctant to call themselves Chinese .
'' are these lenses capable of resisting such pressure ? ''
'' I am impatient to learn '' .
'' he will not refuse your help . come , Ned ! ''
'' ah ! '' exclaimed the Canadian , whose eyes had never left the ocean '' , they are coming nearer ; they are in the same water as the Nautilus '' .
this argument cut short the harpooner 's recriminations .
'' be kind enough to listen , and you will then see whether you have any cause to accuse me of folly and contradiction '' .
'' Master Land , we must conform to the rules on board , and I suppose our appetites are in advance of the dinner hour '' .
I had nothing to object to these reasonings .
'' a floating lighthouse ! '' said someone near me .
'' well , have I convinced you ? ''
Hong Kong officials blamed the 150-year British colonial rule for complicating the citizenship status for many Hong Kong residents .
he announced that he plans to resign in the near future last week .
the gross national product of the industry of villages and towns made up 1/3 of the GNP of Fujian Province .
the orphanage took good care of him for 16 years , and had spent over RMB 3 thousand for tuition , materials , and other support since last year .
the education administration agencies in the cities and counties of the disaster areas granted tuition exemption or sponsored part tuition to students who are unable to pay the tuition due to the family hardship caused by the disaster , ensuring that the students can go to school on schedule .
the economy in these cities grew at a rapid rate in the past three years and their economic strength are now noticeable stronger than before ; the average annual economic growth is 17 % , which is higher than the average growth rate in China .
at present , it is still unkown whether these transformations may indicate that the country will reduce its loans to the state-owned enterprises , and make some large-scale enterprises bankrupt gradually .
this airports security is the responsibility of the Israeli security officials .
South Korea National Security Plot Bureau stated that 67-year-old Kim Fuki and 71-year-old Park Dong Il had recently returned to South Korea through the third country .
South Korea also expressed its support for the joint air strikes conducted by the U.S. and Britain .
at first he was sent to and from school by teachers at orphanage , and from the second grade on he lived in the school , and returns to orphanage every Saturday . no matter how much wind or rain , he never missed a single class .
the Harrison building was once the largest retail store in the world , and also was a Detroit attraction .
foreign cooperation in China construction material industry developing smoothly
in a similar research conducted six months after Hong Kong reverted to China , 35.9 % called themselves '' Hong Kong People '' and 18 % called themselves '' Chinese '' .
after the chaos in May , the businessman who managed electrical products was forced to move his shop .
and they would never let the Hopewell Group take part in it .
the Clinton government said that the increased funds for research was the biggest and final public investment for the research of AIDS .
he said , the law is just , I believe he will be released if he is innocent ,
a person from the Railroad Ministry indicated that this network construction is part of a national railway hub communication modification project .
the annually issued prize covers five aspects and is awarded to individuals and organizations making outstanding contributions in government service , public service , communication leader , news , literature and creative art of communication and international understanding fields .
Sassar stated that Ardalas guaranteed that the number of Indonesian troops stationed in East Timor would be gradually reduced .
the Chief of Sarawak thought Anwar might have committed crimes including sodomy
besides , the situation for Gansu to open to the outside was fine .
French Ministry of Foreign Affair said , it was Iraqi leader 's refusal of co-operation with UN that resulted in this deeply regret ending .
11 Fujian township enterprises have been listed among the national best economic efficiency of township businesses in China .
I have repeated several times in this regard that special attention must be paid to the proper handling of the Taiwan issue .
in fact , the whole fourth phase consists of four districts , totally 174 units , including independent , semi-independent foreign style house , row houses , and storefront houses .
human right organizations censured for the violation of human right by Indonesian armed forces in East Timor .
fossils of dinosaur bones found in Xixia of Henan
last year , the total import and export volumn in this province was close to 20 billion US dollars , actual utilization of foreign investment exceeded 4 billion US dollars , foreign contracted projects and labour service co-operation amounted 355 million US dollars .
but the worst influence has appeared and it will last to next year .
I think the effect issue is purely a U.S. domestic issue .
this shows that it is an urgent task to strengthen their market competitiveness .
Ding Hao finished his primary school at the Children 's Orphanage . soon afterwards , he enrolled in a secondary school in a nearby village .
McLaren and Zou Jiahua jointly explored the future of trade and technology cooperation between China and Canada .
this appointment is made just before a summit meeting to be held in U.S. between Israel and Palestinian leaders about a temporary peace agreement .
this newspaper , Paris , February 14th -lrb- reporter Lue Wang -rrb- . Duma , French Foreign Minister , pointed out that France disagreed on the demand to modifying the UN charter allow re-arrangement of the seats of the five permanent standing member countries .
then the army drove an armored personnel carrier to save this badly wounded person .
in the 1990s , the cooperation was enhanced .
the Ministry of Finance will centralize the supervision and control of financial and investment companies .
Marchi said that Canada should make human rights a part of Canada 's foreign trade policy .
on Wednesday a five-member panel of British Law Lords began a hearing on an appeal from a lower divisional court .
La Nina means the water temperature on the surface of tropic east pacific is much lower than normal , it 's effect on many regional climates is just the opposite of that of El Nino .
the construction of all these projects has been going on smoothly .
in addition , analysts thought that corruptions and poor management are common in government departments and judicial departments that are currently in charge of these state enterprises .
Pfizer now is considering whether it is needed to put on any ads mentioning Viagra directly .
last year , the business efficiency of big and medium-sized state-owned enterprises in Gansu Province began to improve . until October , the net deficit value reduced by more than 50 million yuan compared with the same period last year .
however , statistics released by the Immigration Bureau showed that although there were 11,978 new British immigrants coming to Australia between 1996 and 1997 , 3,737 people left the country during the same period .
some analysts thought that , for fear that the high unemplyment rate might cause social turbulance , China might settle the deficit problems in the state-owned enterprises mainly by merging , not by bankruptcy .
according to the expert , El Nino phenomenon is now changed into a new one , which is called La Nina .
the discovery is very important to the classification of the dinosaurs from the Xixia , and sheds light onto their zoological habit and reproduction behavior , to restore the original environment in dinosaur ages , to reveal the rules of crust change and environmental evolution on Earth .
Philippine officials believe that Malaysia is another country , along with China , that is posing a potential threat to the Philippines in the Spratly Islands .
at the Conference of the United Nations and many public occasions in Washington , Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan kept on talking about the issue of Taiwan .
this huge banner has an area of 150 meters by 100 meters . it will be made by National Front Youth League in Xue Province who will apply for its entry into the Guinness Book of Records .
Congressman Kreya Silva said in a letter that Suharto should be extradited because of his violation of human rights in East Timor .
Paul had been to the site of the bombed air-raid shelter , and there were about 400 civilians died .
both the Holland government and its industry circles believed that Wuhan was a place with great potentials , and there were a lot of possibilities to cooperate in the areas of traffic , basic installations , agriculture , the sources of energy , etc. .
the two sides held similar talks last month in Pyongyang .
Taib is currently attending an international alumni conference in the city of Adelaide .
recently , a number of village and township enterprises or enterprise groups with higher science and technology and of sustainable development have been mushroomed in Fujian Province .
he regarded that the Chinese people is now enjoying unprecedented freedom and democracy , and has taken positive and cooperative attitudes to intellectual property protection , which the United States should not ignore .
75-year-old Dole said in his statement '' , I believe this campaign can help men become aware of the health issue they are afraid to address '' .
US Open tennis , day three
village and township enterprises continue to lead the business development in Southeast Fujian Province in China
tanks patrol streets full of rocks and broken glass , thousands of soldiers carrying guns and tear-gas grenades protect the local commercial district , keeping thugs away .
Dole 's commercial is Pfizer 's first-time effort to advertise Viagra on television .
the UN Secretary General has been promoting peace talks between Portugal and Indonesia since 1983 .
in 1975 , Indonesia invaded East Timor , the former colony of Portugal , and annexed East Timor into Indonesia 's territory a few weeks later .
he thought that the Chinese people are now enjoying more freedom and democracy than before . China has also adopted a positive and cooperating attitude towards the protection of intellectual property . U.S. should not ignore these developments .
unexpectedly , these two men became relatives by marriage while captive in North Korea .
Mur said '' , we discussed East Timor and other related issues openly .
at the same time , in Chinatown , Jakarta , the capital of Indonesia , Chinese people and the native Indonesians fought together to protect their homes .
the news said that even though the project will cause a large environmental problem '' , it will be the trick that eases the next century 's problem of insufficient land resources , especially in view of China 's large population '' .
Fengling , China 's only economic development zone established by a small city , is Shanxi 's new conduit to the outside world . Shanxi is a land-locked province .
Australia sent military officer to East Timor for supervision of Indonesian army maneuver .
some 37 % of those interviewed pointed out that complaints from British immigrants were not treated as seriously as complaints from other nationalities .
at the time , movie stars such as Grable and Parker went shopping there as well .
Tayma also attributed the recent event that damaged Malaysia 's international image , to Amhad .
the article forbids people from libeling religious groups .
the announcement said that these two soldiers were forced to live like slaves in the mines before they escaped .
37 % of the British people surveyed pointed out that their complaints are not treated as seriously as those of other immigrants .
relevant departments of the Henan Province government announced during the meeting various projects for economic and technological cooperation , discussing the projects with representatives who showed interest .
tanks are patrolling streets full of stones and broken glass , and thousands of soldiers equipped with guns and tear gas are guarding local commercial areas to protect from rioters .
however , Moore said Habibie refused to allow former head of Australia 's Criminal Investigation Bureau Sherman to go to East Timor for the investigation of the death of five Australian journalists in 1975 .
the declaration said , '' Chon Yong-taek is trying to keep his job . he only expressed regrets . ... that is too arrogant '' .
please listen to the following comprehensive report by Voice of America reporter , Fang Yuan :
production and assembling will be finished for all the equipments during this year .
this has been a comprehensive report by Voice of America 's Fang Yuan .
Cambodia 's two prime ministers requested that the United Nations Secretary-General extend the stay of his representative in Cambodia to six months or longer .
according to a secret document that obviously belongs to the Indonesian military sector but is circulating among foreign journalists , there were 17,834 Indonesian troops stationed in East Timor as of the end of July .
Pinochet is currently in London , waiting for a decision from the higher courts on his extradition .
however , they were quickly released in most cases .
statistics show that among the 191 rural enterprises established in the province , more than 50 have an output above 100 million yuan , and some have reached half a billion to a billion yuan .
this May , Bob Dole admitted to having tried Viagra , and praised it highly after using , and called it a '' catholicon '' .
over 90 % of the population is concentrated in one-third of China 's land .
and the finding of dinosaur bone fossils will provide important clues for searching the geographical location and burying rules of the dinosaur fossils .
in an interview with Australian newspapers yesterday and said that he knew Anwar well and believed that he would certainly be pronounced guilty of all the accused crimes .
during the period of '' Eighth Five-Year Plan '' , -LRB- 1991-1995 -RRB- , the township enterprises in Fujian Province have paid a total of 18.56 billion yuan in taxes and have exported commodities valued at 105.5 billion yuan .
this measure has curbed economic growth and caused the rising of unemployment rate .
since the debut of this kind of aphrodisiac this April , US doctors have written out 6 million plus prescriptions of Viagra .
Bank of Holland , Wuhan Office , was also officially established just recently .
in a similar poll made about half a year after the return of Hong Kong to China , 35.9 % called themselves '' Hongkongnese '' , and 18 % called themselves Chinese .
experts disclosed at the land reclamation conference held in Xiaoshan , Zhejiang Province that the government hopes to reclaim 1 million hectares of land from the sea along its 18,000 kilometers of coastline within 40 to 50 years .
at the beginning , teachers of the orphanage accompanied him to school and picked him up , but from the second year , he became a resident student and went back to the orphanage only for weekends . he never missed a class , rain or shine .
Dutch Trade Promotion Council establishes rep office in Wuhan
he said that , he is going to have meetings with the Japanese officials of the Trade Bureau to discuss the new assistance for Thailand 's industrial and agricultural reorganization .
he said that since there was no timetable for exchanging foreign money for renminbi , the financial crisis in Southeast Asia would not prolong the process .
Japan still remains the number one trade partner followed by U.S. and Hong Kong in the second and third position .
different sides in Cambodia agreed to join round table discussions on national reconciliation
he said :
overhead railway project to re-start in Bangkok
it is the first time Pfizer will market Viagra on TV .
I never think this will bring any effect to the development of China relations .
it is understood : the 19 years old Ding Hao is the first university student that is an orphan , with disability and brought up in an institute of children 's welfare in China .
in his statement , 75-year-old Dole said : '' I believe that this activity will help men pay attention to the problem of health that they are afraid to discuss about '' .
in other industries , the food and beverage index for August is down 4.5 percent in comparison to the same period for last year . this is the seventh month since February of 1998 that the index has fallen .
he obviously meant the Cambodia was very close to joining of ASEAN in April of 1997 .
investment of fixed assets was larger as well , the total reaching 26 billion yuan , an increase of 21 percent .
Sacasa expressed to American TV station that it would need about one billion US dollars to rebuild Nicaragua . he urged America and other creditor nations to make an integral economic assistance scheme , something like Marshall plan that helped Western Europe 's reconstruction after the Second World War .
National Front Youth League is making the world biggest strips of cloth in support for state leaders
Israeli security officials saw the special plane of Arafat taking off for Paris from the runway on Wednesday .
above is the integrate report of VOA correspondent Nin Xin .
the most common conditions are that many government officials who administrate an industry also take charge of the enterprises in the same industry .
he said that the UN still recognize Portugal as legal trustee of East Timor , which helps their request to extradite Soeharto .
according to western embassies , the figure was quite close to that they had estimated .
Fenglingdu Economic Zone was the only one based in a town , and it 's the new passageway for the inland Shanxi Province .
and Asia had just stepped into its initial stage of recovery
but in most cases , they are released soon .
the money people spent on eating out increased from 245 million Singapore dollars in July to 248 million Singapore dollars in August .
-lrb- AFP report from Detroit -rrb- the 107-year-old Hudson building in Detroit turned into a heap of ruins in 30 seconds the day before yesterday .
China will continue implementing the financial opening up policy
of these , Chinese investment currently accounts for 50 percent of financial insurance , 50-70 percent of the travel industry , 30 percent of imports and exports , and 70 percent of real estate .
the foreign investment scope is developing rapidly towards new building material , new and high technology , and deep processing of building materials etc. .
the document said that the activities of Malaysia to try to inhabit the reef beach belonged to the Philippines might affect the security of the Philippines , because the reef beach 's location near the Balawang Island of the Philippines .
earlier , Russia called back its ambassadors to the United States and the United Kingdom in protest against the military actions taken by the two countries .
the Chief Minister of Sarawak thought Anwar very possibly guilty of sodomy
however , Moore said Habibie refused to allow former head of Australia 's Criminal Investigation Bureau Sherman to go to East Timor for the investigation of the death of five Australian journalists in 1975 .
he said that Thailand signed an extradition agreement with Hun Sen government . in pursuant to the agreement , Thailand can hand over any criminal wanted by Phnom Penh and let them be tried in Cambodia .
local party committees , governmental and military organs at various level should fully mobilize the initiative and creativity of the vast militiamen and reserved service , making contribution to further reform and opening up to the outside world , promote development and maintaining stability .
when asked about this year 's work , Viktor Chernomyrdin said that the government is drafting a new structural reform together with an economic stipulation plan . the idea is to submit the draft plan to the enlarged government meeting for discussion on February 26 .
there are 11 township enterprises around the province have been rated as '' Greatest Economic Benefits Enterprises '' .
in recent 2 years , some foreign investors expressed their hope to set foot in the urban construction of Xining .
Moore held talks with Indonesian defense minister Wiranto last Friday , and then the day before yesterday held talks with Habibie in Surabaya .
according to the agreement , Israel is to give away more land on the West Bank of Jordan to the Palestinians .
in addition , there are 5,100 inland associated enterprises with 175 industrial projects already in operation .
according to the experts , El Nino is now transforming into a new phenomenon called La Nina .
this youth who works at a computer company says he and a Muslim neighbor will stand guard there all night to prevent thugs from entering their homes and robbing them .
yesterday at the conference of French National Congress Foreign Affairs Committee .
many are worrying privately that such a tie may affect the business of large Canadian enterprises .
Talin told the reporters at the Bangkok airport , '' I had reported the loan stipulations to Premier Chuan Lee Pai last night , but we had not determined the amount , because Japan had not yet informed us '' .
as early as in the 80s , the Dutch multinational corporation Philips cooperated with Wuhan and established the first joint venture -- Changfei Fiber-Optical and Fiber-Cable Co. Ltd.
the Congress session will close on December 14 .
US delegates said the meeting had made certain progress even though some issues of concern to the US Congress might be postponed to the meeting next year for settlement .
Huang Sihua made the above speech at the economic report and exchange meeting with the Malay Chinese Business League the day before .
the Ministry of Defense once indicated that about 20,000 soldiers were missing in the Korean War and that the Ministry of Defense believes there may still be some survivors .
he considers that the freedoms and democracy that Chinese people are experiencing now can not be compared to the China of the past , and China has taken a positive and co-operational attitude on the issue of intellectual property rights protection , which the US should not overlook .
Guangxi utilized 150 million US dollars of foreign capital to construct water transportation infrastructure
Gansu 's economy takes on a high growth and low inflation look
Dong Jianhua , the chief of Hong Kong special administration region , made a remark the day before yesterday in his national day address : '' as a Chinese , I feel very glorious , and am very proud of our country 's development '' .
import and export exceeds 9 billion USD this year in Pudong new area .
he told the reporter that most of these young looters must have heard about the riot here and have rushed over from places outside Chinatown .
a citizen said : '' I have never thought that I will be blackened all over by the dust '' .
'' someone said that we have been burnt once , are n't we ? at that time , we are prepared to accept them but they started to fight again a few days later '' , Siazon said .
in US tens of millions of men are incapable of sex , of whom , just 10 % go to a doctor .
a small crowd of demonstrators gathered outside of Kremlin Palace of Moscow , many of them waved Communist Party 's flag .
supporting countries , Japan , Australia , New Zealand and Korea : the US has no other choice
by 2000 , an initial talent market system with improved functions , complete operation system , complementary regulations , timely guidance , and good services is about to be established nationwide .
he said , it is very disappointing that so many Britons choose to leave Australia because nearly everyone who leaves is a financially independent skilled worker .
China insurance supervision and management project starts in Beijing
-lrb- Kuala Lumpur -rrb- Lien Hoe is estimated to redeem the remaining 65 % of its 53,810,000 ringgit bond through bank loans by the end of the year .
Mr. Min says his neighbors erected this wire entanglement after the violence in May , but did not think they would need it so soon .
according to the statistics , currently , there are more than one hundred subsidiary agricultural product enterprises with a gross product of 100 million yuan in Jiangsu Province .
Kuala Lumpur Malaysian information Minister Mohamed Rahmat said that '' the burning of Indonesia '' demonstrators should not become the puppet of external forces to do damage to the country . on the contrary , they should choose a wiser way to express themselves .
the province now has eleven rural enterprises included in China 's '' Best Economic Performers : Rural Enterprise '' list .
-lrb- Tokyo , general wire -rrb- Japan , Australia , New Zealand , South Korea and other countries have expressed their support for '' Operation Desert Fox '' . they said the United States has no other options .
it belongs to permanent title deed for land , covering a land of 1.3 million square feet , located on the Upper Yulang Road , i.e. , near Nanyang University of Science and Technology .
he told reporters : '' according to local immigration regulation , these immigrants were not those you want to get rid of '' .
Tung Chee-hwa , the chief executive of Hong Kong special administrative region , said in his congratulatory note on national day the day before yesterday '' , as a Chinese , I feel very proud , and I am very proud of the development in our country '' .
he did not disclose the real number . however , military officers once indicated that there were about 11,500 soldiers garrisoned in East Timor in August .
El Nino means that the surface temperature of the water is a lot higher than normal , affecting air current movement and then producing climatic changes all over the world .
German foreign minister Cresson made a speech on 11th hoping that a united Germany would play more important role in UN , and to have more right to speak for making decisions in UN .
as compared with the third phase , the price of the fourth phase is down 30 % .
the amount of foreign capital actually utilized during the entire year reached 260 million US dollars .
US admits air attack killed hundreds of Iraqi citizens , UK reporter says bombed site not military target
Gusa reiterated that Thailand would never support any part of Cambodia to do any activities of subversion .
Hao Ding becomes the first disabled student from a Chinese orphanage to be accepted into college .
the Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan has repeatedly talked about the issue of Taiwan while attending this UN conference and on his numerous public appearances during his visit in Washington .
at the press conference held toady for journalists from both at home and abroad , Dai Xianglong emphasized that China will not give up the open financial policy because of the financial turbulence in some of the Southeast Asian countries .
Chinese enterprises become the biggest foreign investors in Macao .
Japan 's Finance Minister Miyazawa announced a US$ 30 billion rescue package on October 3 during G-7 meeting .
the ambassador indicated to a U.S. television station that the reconstruction of Nicaragua requires about US$ 1 billion . he urged U.S. and other creditors nations to formulate an integral economic aid package similar to the Marshall Plan that helped rebuild Western Europe after the war .
Gusa repeated that Thailand would never support any Cambodian group who wants to use Thai help to overthrow any government .
the article forbids people from defaming religious groups .
Marge stated that Canada should list the issue of human rights as a new factor in its foreign trade policy .
Asia 's still just beginning to recover from their own crisis .
on the other hand , the catering industry index in August also fell 4.5 % over the same period last year , the 7th consecutive month in which the index has dropped since February , 1998 .
in addition , financial and investment companies will be controlled by the Ministry of Finance .
the Thai government welcomed the surrender to authorities in Phnom Penh of two important members of the Khmer Rouge , Khieu Samphan and Nuon Chea , yesterday .
and this , the person was a model . it 's good for the local people to improve their human rights . directly , on the rights of the workers , such a kind , it had a very direct influence .
some analysts think that because a high unemployment rate may cause social turbulence , China will solve the loss problem of state-owned enterprises in the way of merger instead of bankruptcy .
there I found Conseil , who wished to know the result of my interview with the Captain .
'' yes , Captain , although by this time I ought to have accustomed myself to be surprised at nothing since I have been on board your boat '' .
'' so shall I '' , replied Ned Land .
'' no , my friend . what is Ned Land doing ? ''
'' they are southern whales '' , said he ; '' there goes the fortune of a whole fleet of whalers '' .
'' and mine too '' , simply said the harpooner .
'' at St. Malo '' , answered Conseil .
'' no '' , said I ; '' the creature is wounded -- look at the blood ; but your weapon has not stuck in his body '' .
'' you may speak '' , said the captain . '' this man does not understand French '' .
'' good ! '' said Conseil ; '' a concert of bulls ! ''
I cast a last look at the man-of-war , which was putting on steam , and rejoined Ned and Conseil .
Conseil was in ecstasy . Ned Land , carried away by his violent instincts , rushed on to the staircase . but the moment he seized the rail with both hands , he , in his turn , was overthrown .
'' see ! '' exclaimed the harpooner , '' but we can see nothing in this iron prison ! we are walking -- we are sailing -- blindly '' .
'' agreed , Captain ! ''
'' soundly , Professor . but , I do not know if I am right or not , there seems to be a sea breeze ! ''
'' yes , Captain Nemo '' , I replied ; '' and the Nautilus is wonderfully fitted for such a study . ah ! it is an intelligent boat ! ''
'' well , we must accept '' , said the Canadian . '' but once more on dry ground , we shall know what to do . indeed , I shall not be sorry to eat a piece of fresh venison '' .
'' here we are , once more on land '' , said Conseil .
I continued my work , but the temperature rose to such a pitch as to be intolerable .
I was mistaken . she tried to sheer off , but the supernatural animal approached with a velocity double her own .
I turned , and saw the Captain .
'' yes , sir '' .
'' what are they , Captain ? ''
'' then , sir , if you will allow me , I will wish you good night '' .
'' had not its eyes , placed at the back of its head , considerable development ? ''
the captain rose , telling me to follow him . I had had time to recover . I obeyed . the saloon was dark , but through the transparent glass the waves were sparkling . I looked .
'' my word ! '' returned the Canadian '' , I begin to understand the charms of anthropophagy '' .
meanwhile , the exasperated Papuans had beaten a retreat paralyzed with terror . as for us , half laughing , we consoled and rubbed the unfortunate Ned Land , who swore like one possessed .
in less than twenty minutes , the Nautilus , carried along by the torrent , had passed through the Isthmus of Suez .
'' to speak to you , Captain '' .
it was the commander of the vessel who thus spoke .
'' immensely rich , sir ; and I could , without missing it , pay the national debt of France '' .
after rather a long silence , the commander resumed the conversation .
'' mussels too ? '' asked the Canadian .
a seaman could not be mistaken , and I told the Canadian all that had passed during his sleep .
'' good ! for the future I shall pay attention '' , replied the Canadian .
Captain Nemo was awaiting me .
'' in any case '' , replied the Canadian , '' we shall be free , for we are floating '' .
'' we shall succeed '' , I said to the Captain , after having anxiously watched the result of the operation .
'' no , my boy ; you have made an excellent stroke . take one of these living birds , and carry it in your hand . ''
'' sir '' , said Conseil , '' will you tell me the names of these creatures ? ''
'' Conseil , we must not despair , '' said the Canadian .
'' yes , sir '' , replied the engineer .
'' just so , sir '' .
'' well , friend Ned , we will wait patiently for the tide on the 9th instant ; for it appears that the moon will have the goodness to put it off again '' .
that night , about eleven o'clock , I received a most unexpected visit from Captain Nemo . he asked me very graciously if I felt fatigued from my watch of the preceding night . I answered in the negative .
'' yes '' .
'' can nothing save him ? ''
'' but , Ned , you , a whaler by profession , familiarized with all the great marine mammalia -- you ought to be the last to doubt under such circumstances ! ''
I entered the captain 's room : it had a severe , almost a monkish aspect . a small iron bedstead , a table , some articles for the toilet ; the whole lighted by a skylight . no comforts , the strictest necessaries only .
having said this , Captain Nemo , followed by his lieutenant , redescended to the interior of the Nautilus . as to the vessel , it moved not , and was immovable , as if the coral line polypi had already walled it up with their in destructible cement .
'' I ask you , then , what you mean by this liberty ? ''
'' but how could you construct this wonderful Nautilus in secret ? ''
'' and could you tell me what everyone knows about it ? '' he inquired , ironically .
'' now '' , said Captain Nemo , '' let us try to make our passage '' .
'' we have arrived '' , said the Captain .
'' yes '' , I replied , '' for we are going the way of the sun , and here the sun is in the north '' .
'' no ; not unless you attack them . when they have to defend their young their rage is terrible , and it is not uncommon for them to break the fishing-boats to pieces '' .
'' but the cause of this surprise ? ''
'' give it what name you please '' .
'' a society which has received from the Spanish government the privilege of seeking those buried galleons . the shareholders are led on by the allurement of an enormous bounty , for they value these rich shipwrecks at five hundred millions . ''
the captain , Ned Land , and I were then on the poop , eagerly peering through the profound darkness .
'' my friends '' , I said , '' we must not despair . we have been worse off than this . do me the favor to wait a little before forming an opinion upon the commander and crew of this boat . ''
but Commander Farragut would not lose a day nor an hour in scouring the seas in which the animal had been sighted . he sent for the engineer .
'' go ahead '' , cried Commander Farragut .
'' unfortunately '' , said Ned Land , '' they have only given us the ship 's fare '' .
Captain Nemo stopped . I admit I could not see yet why this history should interest me .
'' as you say , Ned . by the bye '' , said I , trying to take Captain Nemo 's careless tone '' , are you afraid of sharks , brave Ned ? ''
'' is he ill ? ''
'' we are going where our Captain 's fancy takes us , Master Ned '' .
the next morning , the 19 th of February , I saw the Canadian enter my room . I expected this visit . he looked very disappointed .
the forecastle gun was immediately loaded and slewed round . but the shot passed some feet above the cetacean , which was half a mile off .
'' five hundred millions they were '' , answered Captain Nemo , '' but they are so no longer '' .
'' but how shall we get off ? ''
'' why not ? ''
'' I do not think he would , but he would not taste them '' .
'' I listen '' .
'' or , more correctly speaking , on our gigantic narwhal '' .
'' as long as it sails horizontally '' , muttered Ned Land , '' I do not mind ; but , if it takes a fancy to dive , I would not give two straws for my life '' .
'' well , make up your fires and put on all steam '' .
'' I will not contradict you '' , replied Ned Land . '' but , dinner or breakfast , the steward will be welcome , whichever he brings '' .
'' is the steam full on ? '' asked he .
'' and the frigate ? '' I asked .
'' I am disturbing you '' , said I , for courtesy 's sake .
'' at this moment , Professor , the Nautilus is stranded in five fathoms , and we have nothing to do but to start '' .
Conseil had not finished his sentence when Ned Land had lowered himself through the panel to seek the captain . a few minutes afterwards the two appeared together on the platform .
'' exactly , and I came to say to you -- ''
the shape of continents allows us to divide the waters into five great portions : the Arctic or Frozen Ocean , the Antarctic , or Frozen Ocean , the Indian , the Atlantic , and the Pacific Oceans .
'' my friends '' , said I , '' to a question thus put , there is nothing to answer . but no word of honor binds us to the master of this vessel . ''
'' then , unless you quite fill the Nautilus , I do not see how you can draw it down to those depths '' .
'' they will keep them at the hotel '' .
what a situation to be in ! we rocked frightfully . the Nautilus defended itself like a human being . its steel muscles cracked . sometimes it seemed to stand upright , and we with it !
'' agreed ! and now , Ned , will you tell me what you mean by a favorable opportunity ? ''
I was then reading a charming book by Jean Mace , The Slaves of the Stomach , and I was learning some valuable lessons from it , when Conseil interrupted me .
'' nothing , sir '' .
'' easily '' .
'' an indisputable fact , my good Ned . they proposed to name this poulp ' Bouguer 's cuttlefish ' . ''
'' Conseil ! '' cried I . '' Conseil ! ''
'' nineteen miles and three-tenths , sir '' .
'' is the danger immediate ? ''
'' but up to this time I have seen nothing but transparent waves and without any particular color '' .
'' Ned ! '' I cried .
'' what ! '' said Conseil ; '' cuttlefish , real cuttlefish of the cephalopod class ? ''
'' but I never said we were going back to Europe '' .
but my eye was no sooner applied to the glass than it was quickly snatched out of my hands .
'' is it possible ? ''
'' what are you going to do ? ''
it was evident that we did not understand one another .
'' the sea is bad '' .
'' I think that we are caught , Captain '' .
'' look ! look ! '' exclaimed the Canadian , '' they approach : they aggravate me ; they know that I cannot get at them ! ''
'' another , more to the right , '' cried the commander , '' and five dollars to whoever will hit that infernal beast '' .
'' by this , that I found on the spot where was the last wreck '' .
'' in a church ! '' cried the Canadian .
'' then , M. Aronnax , I propose a curious excursion '' .
Ned Land did not answer ; his compressed lips and frowning brow showed with him the violent possession this fixed idea had taken of his mind .
'' man to beast ? '' I repeated .
'' at last we have righted ! '' I exclaimed .
'' a speed of fifty miles an hour '' .
as soon as I was dressed I went into the saloon . it was deserted . I plunged into the study of the shell treasures hidden behind the glasses .
'' why , Ned , why ? ''
'' no , Ned '' .
Ned Land could not restrain his joy . he was like a prisoner that had escaped from prison , and knew not that it was necessary to re-enter it .
'' indeed ! ''
soon Keeling Island disappeared from the horizon , and our course was directed to the north-west in the direction of the Indian Peninsula .
'' never , sir ! '' he said , hastily interrupting me .
'' in sight of land . I took the reckoning this morning in the fog -- twenty miles to the east '' .
'' if you will excuse me , sir '' , answered Conseil , '' friend Ned is busy making a kangaroo-pie which will be a marvel '' .
'' it will be a hindrance '' , said Ned .
'' but do you see , Professor '' , replied our irascible companion , '' that we shall absolutely die of hunger in this iron cage ? ''
I so little expected such a question that I stared some time at him without answering .
the course of the Nautilus was E.N.E. , her speed twelve knots , the depth below the surface between twenty-five and thirty fathoms .
'' no , sir ; an accident this time '' .
'' further to the south ? '' I asked , looking at the captain .
'' a hundred at least '' .
I was stretched on the ground , just under the shelter of a bush of algae , when , raising my head , I saw some enormous mass , casting phosphorescent gleams , pass blusteringly by .
'' what length was it ? '' asked the Canadian .
I rose , went , and leaned on my elbows before the panes and watched .
'' that will be trifling with the lives of my men '' .
'' we are going to start '' , said he .
'' but , friend Ned '' , said Conseil , '' why do you not ask Captain Nemo 's permission to chase them ? ''
'' very likely ; but as we advance to the bottom of the gulf , you will see this singular appearance . I remember seeing the Bay of Tor entirely red , like a sea of blood '' .
'' suppose we do not return to the Nautilus this evening ? '' said Conseil .
'' sir '' , said Captain Nemo , '' we will , if you please , take our bearings and fix the starting-point of this voyage . it is a quarter to twelve ; I will go up again to the surface . ''
'' but , sir '' , continued the Canadian , '' in the Red Sea you allowed us to follow the dugong '' .
I must therefore take my part and prepare for flight . my luggage was not heavy ; my notes , nothing more .
'' by its rigging , and the height of its lower masts '' , said the Canadian , '' I bet she is a ship-of-war . may it reach us ; and , if necessary , sink this cursed Nautilus . ''
'' nothing '' .
'' what ! they are firing at us ! '' I exclaimed .
'' well , M. Aronnax '' , replied Captain Nemo , '' we are in that Vigo Bay ; and it rests with yourself whether you will penetrate its mysteries '' .
it was indeed the ancient abode of Proteus , the old shepherd of Neptune 's flocks , now the Island of Scarpanto , situated between Rhodes and Crete . I saw nothing but the granite base through the glass panels of the saloon .
'' how beautiful ! how beautiful ! '' cried Conseil .
'' himself '' , replied I . '' Commander Farragut ? ''
'' or rather his banking-house ; by that I mean the ocean , where his riches are safer than in the chests of the state '' .
to M. Aronnax , Professor in the Museum of Paris , Fifth Avenue Hotel , New York .
'' where I do not know -- when I cannot say ; or , rather , I suppose it will end when these seas have nothing more to teach us '' .
'' branch of molluscs '' , said Conseil .
'' you can reduce it as you please , then ? ''
'' we obey your orders , Captain '' .
'' precisely '' .
just then , by the waning light of the moon which was sinking down to the horizon , I saw a face which was not Conseil 's and which I immediately recognized .
'' we will follow you '' , I said , and , following Captain Nemo , we went towards the central staircase .
three hours before the Abraham Lincoln left Brooklyn pier , I received a letter worded as follows :
'' I understand '' , said I ; '' but that calculation , though simple enough , can give but a very uncertain result '' .
'' well , at noon we shall see the point '' .
'' that is a diving apparatus '' , said I .
'' sharks ! '' exclaimed I .
'' it belongs to one of the numerous islands with which this sea is strewn -- to vessels a simple sand-bank -- to us an immense cavern . chance led me to discover it , and chance served me well . ''
'' I ! '' replied the Canadian ; '' a harpooner by profession ? it is my trade to make light of them '' .
'' a hunt ! '' exclaimed Ned .
the captain then decided to take more direct means .
'' however little it shows , it will be enough , '' replied the Captain .
however , a bird peculiar to these lands , and which has never passed the limits of the Arrow and Papuan islands , was wanting in this collection . but fortune reserved it for me before long .
'' sir '' , said I to the captain , '' I thank you for having placed this library at my disposal . it contains treasures of science , and I shall profit by them '' .
'' beneath it ? ''
'' I warn you , the way will be tiring . we shall have far to walk , and must climb a mountain . the roads are not well kept '' .
I hesitated before giving it .
'' look '' .
'' certainly not '' , said Conseil ; '' but will you tell us now by what means they extract these pearls ? ''
'' just so , sir -- just so '' , I replied , getting animated .
this cell was , to speak correctly , the arsenal and wardrobe of the Nautilus . a dozen diving apparatuses hung from the partition waiting our use .
Captain Nemo rose . I followed him . a double door , contrived at the back of the dining-room , opened , and I entered a room equal in dimensions to that which I had just quitted .
decidedly , if the monster ever had to do with Ned Land 's harpoon , I would not bet in its favor .
'' twelve ! '' I exclaimed .
our movements were suspended for an instant ; we listened . it might be only a singing in the ear , but it seemed to me as if a cry answered the cry from Conseil .
'' ah ! The scoundrel ! '' cried Conseil ; '' I would rather he had broken my shoulder ! ''
'' because this bird is as drunk as a quail '' .
'' go , Ned '' , said the captain . '' engineer , put on more pressure '' .
the steam was shut off , and the Abraham Lincoln , beating to port , described a semi-circle .
'' very nearly , Ned '' .
'' precisely '' .
I was silenced ; Captain Nemo rose .
'' it is an infamous shame '' , cried Ned Land , who broke out for the twentieth time . '' we speak to those rogues in French , English , German , and Latin , and not one of them has the politeness to answer ! ''
'' it is only a massing of phosphoric particles '' , cried one of the officers .
'' it always floats '' .
'' really '' .
'' well , why should there be any more ? ''
I was reflecting thus , when the Captain , cool and calm , always master of himself , approached me .
'' I owed myself this revenge ! '' said the Captain to the Canadian .
'' sir '' , said Conseil , '' would you give us some details of the pearl fishery ? ''
Gibson said last month in a press statement that '' neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic .
the U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .
Peterson 's lawyer , Mark Geragos of Los Angeles , was quick to swipe at the testing procedure .
at least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1 .
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers , couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas .
her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles .
at community colleges , tuition will jump to $ 2,800 from $ 2,500 .
the WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment .
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .
that means that if the planet is in a season , it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years .
he added that we are '' not going to make progress if we do n't broaden the tent '' .
it was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989 .
'' any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France '' , he said .
he is expected to ask banks for around  50m this week to keep the company afloat .
in the year-ago period , Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit .
shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $ 28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .
Elena Slough , considered to be the nation 's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world , died early Sunday morning .
it recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment .
he said it was a mistake , and he reimbursed the party nearly $ 2,000 .
the AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir .
El Watan , an Algerian newspaper , reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning , firing Kalashnikov rifles .
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading .
respondents who rated current business conditions as '' bad '' increased to 30.4 % from 28.1 % in June .
in terms of a free trade area , we 've got a long , long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that .
the dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities .
he took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury .
'' the Princess ' marriage was not set up by force '' , said Vasile Ionescu , of the Roma Centre for public policies .
shares of Mony were gaining $ 2.57 , or 9 % , to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet .
in the total external disk storage system market , revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter , to $ 3.2 billion .
'' Frank Quattrone is innocent '' , Keker said in a statement .
but Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York , Barbados and Dubai .
under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington , GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment .
Peterson , 31 , is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son .
Mohcine Douali , who lives in the centre of Algiers , said : '' it was a great shock .
in his new position , Dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over Atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
the skull is then punctured , the brain suctioned out , and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal .
University of Michigan president Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university 's web site '' , our fundamental values have n't changed .
Westfield , which owns Galleria in Morley , also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne , half-owned by Deutsche Bank .
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men .
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son .
the opposition leader , Simon Crean , said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers .
where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .
Sgt. Randy Force , a police spokesman , said O'Brien was n't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking .
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an '' outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda '' .
Rumsfeld , who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership , passed over nine active-duty four-star generals .
then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people '' , he told the Associated Press .
last month , 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home .
that means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree .
clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record .
the association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15 , compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke , the company 's executive vice president and chief financial officer .
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism , Crime and Security Act 2001 , with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism .
the Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft .
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station .
the juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as '' RPCSDBOT '' .
tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .
the FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal .
the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite index .ixic was down 27.13 points , or 1.64 percent , at 1,626.49 , based on the latest data .
but as more people were shot , Moose had to admit that he could n't give the public the safety it needed .
'' this deal makes sense for both companies '' , said National Chief Executive Brian Halla .
Bennett told Newsweek that '' over 10 years , I 'd say I 've come out pretty close to even '' .
by the time the two-term president left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today .
Bolland told the News of the World : '' I was astonished at Sir Michael 's question .
'' we will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration '' , Reed said in a letter to the NYSE 's 1,366 members .
but the settlement also defers any payment to investors , potentially for years , until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved .
November 17 's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders , who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000 .
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor .
the vote came just two days after Kurds swept city council elections , taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council .
based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte , I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice .
'' Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products '' , said George Ahn , chief marketing officer , Tibco .
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles , publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday .
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida .
the report released Monday simply says , this report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue .
Prince Saud said , '' the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 '' .
Brian Florence , 38 , died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria , said the couple 's lawyer , Maranda Fritz .
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise , strengthening our ability to work with -LRB- our -RRB- customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively '' .
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run .
the latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz , about 3km from the freeway .
'' I stand 100 percent by it , and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time '' .
as part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty .
there is , however , no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday .
as frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition , PeopleSoft 's shares dropped during yesterday 's trading , decreasing $ 1.42 to close at $ 14.97 .
the current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions , after U.S. review , on Friday , said Jim Landale , a spokesman for the tribunal .
a discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents -LRB- U.S. -RRB- or 2.7 per cent to $ 29.32 .
Selenski 's partner in the jailbreak , Scott Bolton , injured his ankle , pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt , Warden Gene Fischi said .
'' so Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he did n't commit in order to survive '' , she told jurors .
just across a river , St. Joseph has trendy restaurants , boutiques , offices and a picturesque beachfront .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital , her personal physician said .
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year .
the interview , which also focuses on Schwarzenegger 's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder , was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com .
large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast .
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it , '' more than my remembrances , this book intends to convey hers '' .
a group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States .
the purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii 's history , the agencies said .
on Wednesday , Judge Pollack dismissed another case , this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm 's Global Technology Fund .
the ISM noted that '' with the exception of March 2003 , growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002 '' .
'' biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing '' , Fraley said .
tonight , 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school 's 143-year history .
her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty .
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest mutual-fund company , said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer 's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses .
the dollar 's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen 's rise .
the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite index .ixic ended off 8.15 points , or 0.49 percent , at 1,644.03 .
witnesses from Malaysia will testify Thursday in the treason trial of cleric Abu Bakar Bashir , said to be the leader of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah .
the FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals .
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin , a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber , Amrozi .
one , Capt. Doug McDonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday .
the dollar was last at $ 1.1149 to the euro , close to its strongest level since April 30 .
he had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released .
the case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates , 01-1806 .
the victim , who was also not identified , was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition .
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was '' the one we were all pulling for .
there are no suspects in the shooting , which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue , the police said .
Aileen Boyle , a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman , declined to comment on any potential legal action .
Andy Savage , who is representing Renee Britt , asked the jurors to '' give her a fair shake .
Tidmarsh will compete in today 's third round .
revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $ 45.9 billion .
'' we do not use service members as guinea pigs '' , William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs , told a Pentagon briefing .
a demolitions expert for JI , Al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 .
a former teammate , Carlton Dotson , has been charged with the murder .
she has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books .
the losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres .
Abbas told the summit he would end the '' armed intefadeh '' , renounced '' terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be '' and alluded to the disarming of militants .
the second company , temporarily dubbed '' InternationalCo '' , includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings .
according to the 2000 census , Long Beach 's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent .
they were being held Sunday in the Camden County jail on $ 100,000 bail .
revenue jumped 26 percent to $ 817 million , the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement .
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor .
this is what Dr. Dean said : '' I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks .
if Walker appeals Parrish 's ruling , it would stop the extradition process and could take several months , Rork said .
she was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail .
in Las Vegas , agents entered two clubs -- Cheetah 's and Jaguars -- along with Galardi Enterprises , an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas .
in an interview , Healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .
Knox County Health Department is following National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention protocol to contain infection .
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures .
a photograph of the doctor 's son , Ariel , holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison 's death .
Symbol 's former chief accounting officer , Robert Korkuc , is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday , according to reports .
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999 , and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid 's earnings .
Josephine Burke , who ran the unlicensed daycare , eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges .
Albertson 's and Kroger 's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response .
the Senate majority leader , Bill Frist , Republican of Tennessee , said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September .
'' I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret '' , Mr Truss said .
it 's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms .
his decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson , including the capital charges against him , will be tried in September .
'' we are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff 's claims '' , Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said .
federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures .
Malvo 's attorneys mounted an insanity defense , arguing that Muhammad 's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong .
even her request , decades later , to attend her father 's funeral on the island was denied .
Palm expects to move Handspring 's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas , Calif.
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin , Ohio .
speaking for the first time yesterday , Brigitte 's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried .
one of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it .
he admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy : smoking pot , chasing women and living fast and loose .
ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered ' propaganda of an alien ideology ' .
the value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February .
another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker , the Sandra Tapias .
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals .
John Logsdon , a board member , said that '' human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome '' .
'' the United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilisation '' , Powell said , according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters .
'' if the voluntary reliability standards were complied with , we would n't have had a problem '' .
as temperatures soar above 50 degrees -LRB- 120 Fahrenheit -RRB- , fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra .
an unclear number of people were killed and more injured .
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way , he said .
three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as '' Eleonora[67] '' , to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday .
they said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved , where they would come from , or where they would end up .
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year , the company announced yesterday .
vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets .
the findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
but to see those pages , users would be required by Amazon to register , and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view .
the Fox movie channel has banned Charlie Chan .
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer .
'' the numbers are starting to change very , very quickly '' , Dr. Julie Gerberding , the CDC 's director , told a news briefing Thursday .
she said the president 's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well .
the court 's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe .
medical investigators matched the body 's teeth to Aronov 's dental records this morning , medical examiner 's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said .
the stock rose $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close Friday at $ 21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Charles O. Prince , 53 , was named as Mr. Weill 's successor .
justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only '' in limited circumstances '' .
a member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police , a court heard yesterday .
by Wednesday , the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years .
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003 .
Lee said Brianna had dragged food , toys and other things into the bedroom .
in addition to HP , vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates , EMC , IBM , Sun and Veritas .
about 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire .
the national denomination of the Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million members , is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion .
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla .
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .
they suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house , according to Italian news agency ANSA .
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence '' feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
the report by the Justice Department 's inspector general found '' significant problems '' in the government 's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks .
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project , a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms .
they looked at their son-in-law and his relatives , but did not exchange words .
among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years .
he told the Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein 's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum .
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers .
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him .
but software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
overall , students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching , the work-force portrait shows .
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe 's sales activities .
her birthday , 21 April , was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball .
the companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies .
the Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points .
among the most recent additions to the list , which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals , is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev , the former president of Chechnya .
the DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court .
it says the intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry .
analysts have estimated that Vivendi UNI could fetch $ 12 billion - $ 14 billion for Vue .
'' the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions '' , he said at a White House ceremony .
it would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland .
shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe 's second biggest drugmaker , rose 3.71 percent to close at $ 43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name , based on the sessions .
without comment , the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore 's appeals .
'' we think it 's great news '' , Enron spokesman Eric Thode said .
fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , NHTSA said .
the series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup .
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows , such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall -LRB- ICF -RRB- .
a judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the BlackBerry device and services in the United States .
it also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer , also to take effect by Jan. 1 , 2004 .
that compares to a net loss of $ 6.6 million , or 47 cents per share , on revenue of $ 15.5 million in 2002 's second fiscal quarter .
the three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open .
'' that obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center '' , the suit says .
their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin '' , delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony .
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing .
the service also features a '' self-healing '' option that can provide continuous access to critical applications .
making jokes about a mistake like that , that 's not something good people do .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's lawyer , said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue .
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson -LRB- nasdaq : QCOM - news - people -RRB- scrambled up $ 2.19 , or almost 12 percent , to $ 20.59 .
'' Tony 's not feeling well '' , Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said .
appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S. , AP said .
but Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide , rather than consider the possibility of murder .
Peter Smith , a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona , leads the $ 325 million Phoenix mission .
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .
last year the freezing winter in Chicago was much warmer than in previous years , snow fall was also much less , it 's predicted the next winter will be much the same .
for the benefit of the immigrants and for Australia 's economy , the English Immigrant Association has appealed to the government to correct this problem .
in recent years , China has started to utilize loans from international financial organizations for international competitive bidding and purchasing in the area of capital constructions .
'' we want to let people know that when someone wants to overthrow the democratically-elected government through undemocratic and illegal means , the Malaysian people will not tolerate and remain silent '' .
women 's 10-meter springboard diving preliminary contest will be held this afternoon .
'' the only difficulty '' , continued Captain Nemo , '' is that of remaining several days without renewing our provision of air '' .
'' certainly ; we are floating in a current of boiling water '' .
'' as you say , Ned . and think what destruction such a mass would cause , if hurled with the speed of an express train against the hull of a vessel . ''
'' I have given the order to open the hatches '' .
so these millions had been transported to their address . to what point of the continent ? who was Captain Nemo 's correspondent ?
'' it must suffice you , however '' .
'' how many men are there on board the Nautilus , do you think ? ''
'' hardly '' .
'' certainly '' , I replied , '' you are in safety here , Captain Nemo . who could reach you in the heart of a volcano ? but did I not see an opening at its summit ? ''
these orders were executed , and the frigate moved rapidly from the burning light .
'' we are floating on its surface , friend Ned '' .
'' by my orders . an electric thread connects us . I telegraph to it , and that is enough . ''
'' I do not know ; but , whatever it is , it will be sunk before night . in any case , it is better to perish with it , than be made accomplices in a retaliation the justice of which we cannot judge '' .
'' let us try it '' , I said resolutely .
ten of his companions followed him . they met with the same fate .
the whole day passed without my being honored by a visit from Captain Nemo . the panels of the saloon did not open . perhaps they did not wish us to tire of these beautiful things .
'' very well , my brave boy . and you , Mr. Land ? ''
'' are many pearls found in the same oyster ? '' asked Conseil .
towards midnight the sea suddenly resumed its usual color ; but behind us , even to the limits of the horizon , the sky reflected the whitened waves , and for a long time seemed impregnated with the vague glimmerings of an aurora borealis .
'' you wished to see , friend Ned ; well , you see now '' .
'' oh ! then the gentleman is going on terra firma ? '' replied Ned Land .
'' yes ; but what is to be done ? ''
'' they will be useless '' , he replied .
'' what is to be done , Ned , since flight is impracticable just now ? ''
'' ask it , Professor '' .
'' look well '' , said Ned '' , there , on the starboard beam , about the height of the lantern ! do you not see a mass which seems to move ? ''
'' it remains to be seen '' , I said , '' if these forests are full of game , and if the game is not such as will hunt the hunter himself '' .
Captain Nemo , commander of the Nautilus .
at this moment a hard body struck me . I clung to it : then I felt that I was being drawn up , that I was brought to the surface of the water , that my chest collapsed -- I fainted .
'' good , sir ! but do you forget that the Nautilus is armed with a powerful spur , and could we not send it diagonally against these fields of ice , which would open at the shocks '' .
'' it is marvelous ! and I see , Captain , you were right to make use of this agent that takes the place of wind , water , and steam '' .
'' what I have to tell you is very simple . we are in Europe ; and before Captain Nemo 's caprices drag us once more to the bottom of the polar seas , or lead us into Oceania , I ask to leave the Nautilus '' .
well , no ! the blackish back that supported me was smooth , polished , without scales . the blow produced a metallic sound ; and , incredible though it may be , it seemed , I might say , as if it was made of riveted plates .
'' that is all the more reason for you to go to see him '' .
in about an hour Captain Nemo gave the signal to halt ; I , for my part , was not sorry , and we stretched ourselves under an arbor of alariae , the long thin blades of which stood up like arrows .
'' and to what purpose ? '' replied Captain Nemo ; '' only to destroy ! we have nothing to do with the whale - oil on board '' .
at this moment nothing is clear to me ; I catch but a glimpse of light amidst all the darkness , and I must confine myself to writing as events shall dictate .
'' we accept '' , I answered ; '' only I will ask your permission , sir , to address one question to you -- one only '' .
'' as to suffocation , Captain '' , I replied , '' that is not to be feared , because our reservoirs are full '' .
whereupon he turned and left the saloon .
'' they are seals and morses '' .
after some minutes , the part of the fruits that was exposed to the fire was completely roasted . the interior looked like a white pasty , a sort of soft crumb , the flavor of which was like that of an artichoke .
'' now , Ned , we listen ; what have you to tell us ? ''
'' in that case , as I have never fished in these seas , I do not know the kind of whale frequenting them ! ''
'' yes , mussels of certain waters in Scotland , Wales , Ireland , Saxony , Bohemia , and France '' .
'' and we shall see your companions at work ? ''
'' often , sir ; but never such whales the sight of which brought me in two thousand dollars . if I can only approach within four harpoons ' length of it ! ''
'' yes , Ned , yes . we will fly to-night , even if the sea should swallow us up . ''
'' then please to follow me '' .
'' Professor , will it be convenient to you to make a submarine excursion to-day ? ''
'' then '' , said Conseil , '' we shall have time to finish our journey -- that is , if Ned Land does not interfere with it '' .
one last question remained to ask of Captain Nemo .
my answer had evidently satisfied the captain . but , not knowing what he would say next , I waited for other questions , reserving my answers according to circumstances .
I wanted to go to the Captain 's assistance , but , nailed to the spot with horror , I could not stir .
at a sign from the Captain we regained the bank , and , following the road already traversed , came in about half an hour to the anchor which held the canoe of the Nautilus to the earth .
'' precisely '' , I replied .
'' Master , will you permit me to wish you a happy New Year ? ''
'' I should not , sir '' .
my head struck on a piece of iron , and with the violent shock I lost all consciousness .
'' ah , Commander ! your Nautilus is certainly a marvelous boat '' .
Conseil 's imperturbable coolness set me up again . I swam more vigorously ; but , cramped by my clothes , which stuck to me like a leaden weight , I felt great difficulty in bearing up . Conseil saw this .
at that moment a rather loud hissing noise told me that the reservoirs were filling , and that the Nautilus was sinking under the waves of the Atlantic .
'' speak , sir '' , I answered . '' I suppose this condition is one which a man of honor may accept ? ''
'' do they fish for them in these days ? '' asked Ned .
'' and you attribute this color to the presence of a microscopic seaweed ? ''
'' it will not take long '' , said the Canadian .
'' very slightly '' , I answered .
'' I agree with you '' , said I ; '' and steam seems to have killed all gratitude in the hearts of sailors . but , Captain , since you seem to have especially studied this sea , can you tell me the origin of its name ? ''
'' what time is it now ? '' asked the Canadian .
'' very well '' , replied Ned Land ; '' I accept the explanation , sir ; but , in our own interests , I regret that the opening of which you speak was not made above the level of the sea '' .
'' in the port ? '' said Ned , ironically .
'' behind the steersman 's cage is placed a powerful electric reflector , the rays from which light up the sea for half a mile in front '' .
'' and he rests now , near his companions , in the coral cemetery ? ''
'' I cannot tell , my friend '' .
'' have we struck anything ? '' I asked .
'' no '' , I said , '' poulps of huge dimensions '' .
'' keep your eyes open ! '' called out the sailors .
Ned Land 's logic pressed me hard , and I felt myself beaten on that ground . I knew not what argument would now tell in my favor .
'' perhaps this is the same which the Alector saw '' , said Conseil .
after crossing a rather large prairie , we arrived at the skirts of a little wood that was enlivened by the songs and flight of a large number of birds .
early on the 1 st of January , 1863 , Conseil joined me on the platform .
'' and the Papuans ? ''
'' well '' , continued Captain Nemo , '' you heard my question ! do you know the history of Spain ? ''
'' to the Nautilus '' , said he .
'' because I have seen large whales , sir , whales measuring a hundred feet . I have even been told that those of Hullamoch and Umgallick , of the Aleutian Islands , are sometimes a hundred and fifty feet long '' .
'' we are blocked up then ? ''
'' only , Mr. Aronnax , I have no idea what o'clock it is , unless it is dinner-time '' .
'' just the liberty to go , to come , to see , to observe even all that passes here save under rare circumstances -- the liberty , in short , which we enjoy ourselves , my companions and I '' .
'' well ! it is the fearful speed you will have to put on the Nautilus , if the day after to-morrow she is to be in the Mediterranean , having made the round of Africa , and doubled the Cape of Good Hope ! ''
'' I do not say they are not '' .
it was expected that these two men became in-laws while they were in jail .
Chinese insurance control project starts up in Beijing
therefore , the Hopewell Group claimed that Thailand 's government should refund the company 100 billion Thai baht -LRB- about S$ 4.2 billion -RRB- , to compensate them for funds invested and the partial project completion .
it is well known that the El Nino phenomenon caused many serious results , including the long lasting fires in Indonesia , flooding in desert areas of Peru , and many other unusual climate changes in regions all over the world .
'' if foreigners want to come and invest in Malaysia , we always welcome them . if they pay money to demonstrators , we will certainly protest '' , he said .
Yunnan Gardens is developed by Fujian Guild Hall . the project has 313 residential units with lots .
this is the first representative office of Netherland Council for Promotion of Trade set up in China .
Xinhua news agency , Wenzhou , 1 September , by Hu Hongwei , Xie Yuting according to the news from the flood-and-drought-control headquarters of Wenzhou , the city were trying their best to step up repairing the irrigation works damaged by No. 17 typhoon .
El Nino and La Nina are the results of significant changes in sea surface temperature in East tropical Pacific .
he said that the 83-year-old woman was frightened and received treatment at a hospital nearby .
172 individuals and 14 institutes have been awarded the prize since its introduction in 1958 .
the prosecutor from the Republic Party of the House of Representatives hoped to summon 15 people including Lewinsky to appear in court and testify .
'' when I got the notice , I really wanted to jump up '' , said Ding Hao , though he was not actually able to express his excitement by jumping .
the three corpses were air freighted to Mashhad , Iran . last month , the dead bodies of another six Iranians killed in Mazar-e-Sharif were also shipped there .
all the equipments will be produced and installed within this year .
vice president of Central Military Commission , Liu Huaqing , members of military commission , Zhang Wannian , Yu Yongbo , Fu Quanyou and other leaders of three headquarters of Liberation Army and Military Commission office attended the meeting .
at the press conference , a reporter asked Tang Jiaxuan about the biggest barriers for the Sino-American relationship as strategic partners . Tang Jiaxuan said :
Korean officers said that the latest accident to happen was a war game gone wrong at dawn yesterday . a piece of a candle bomb shell went through two walls of an old woman 's house .
meanwhile , in Chinatown area of Jakarta , capital city of Indonesia , the Chinese and local Indians stand side by side to protect their houses .
French Foreign Affairs Minister Jupet also indicated clearly last week that the '' prerequisite of lifting the arms embargo is that France withdraws its blue-helmet troops and all the United Nations peace-keeping troops withdraw from the region '' .
in some road-blocked area , the local dwellers dispelled groups of strangers with their big wooden sticks .
President Ramos attended the ceremony and awarded medals , monetary awards , and certificates to the six outstanding recipients .
-lrb- Agence France Presse wire Beijing -rrb- the English language newspaper China Daily reported yesterday that China plans to reclaim land along the coastal region for 20 to 30 million people in the next century .
Australia sent an official to East Timor to scout Indonesia 's force movements .
due to the drop of the present market interest rate , Lien Hoe planned to redeem the rest bonds by bank loans , without paying the bondholders at a higher annual rate of 15 % .
while talking during an interview by Australian newspaper yesterday , he said that , he knows Hua An '' quite well '' , and he believes that it is very likely that Hua An will be found guilty for all the charges .
the summer in US this year is one of the hottest in history .
by the year 2010 , the total amount of foreign trade in the mainland is predicted to reach 800 million US dollars . there is no doubt that the demands of using Hong Kong as a shipping center will increase .
TVEs in southwest Fujian Province continue to lead development
Chuan Leekpai also warned in his speech that Thailand has not yet emerged from the crisis .
Leotard mentions this in Paris whiling talking to a correspondent from a radio station .
Xinhua news agency , Shantou , Dec. 20 . owing to the betterment of investment environment and the good development drive , Shantou high-tech development zone has drawn attention from investors at home and abroad .
Chinese officials have repeatedly indicated that Taiwan is a province of China and that China is a domestic Chinese issue .
the Government of Qinghai Province made the best use of the situation , coming up with an idea to commercialize the urban infrastructure construction , and ratified , at the beginning of this year '' , Provisions for Xining City to Encourage and Guide Foreign Investments '' .
relevant sections of the Henan Government released their foreign cooperation projects concerning economy and technology . representatives attending the meeting consulted on information of some projects they interested in .
Foreign Minister Duma expressed his thoughts that the UN was born after World War II , and that France and other permanent member countries were all the victors of that war .
Moore said the Australian military attache to Jakarta will conduct free investigations after he arrives in East Timor tomorrow .
at that time , Jiang Zeming indicated that China would consider joining the Missile Technology Control Regime . the indication has been taken as the principle result of the meeting between the two state heads .
more than 90 % of China 's people centralize on one third of its territory .
what 's more , next year La Nina will be just as bad as El Nino .
Russian prime minister on domestic economy
nowadays , there appeared a lot of enterprise groups with high technology and strong stamina .
the GNP created by the village and township enterprises occupied about 1/3 of the total GNP in Fujian Province .
both parties expressed satisfaction for the friendly cooperation between the two armies in the past 30 years .
also present at the seminar will be Long Yongtu , Vice Minister of China 's Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation who will accompany Rugerro to Shanghai , and Shen Jueren , former chief negotiator of China in GATT negotiations .
Xinhua news agency , Nanjing , 16 December , by Zhoufang the investment of foreign capital in agriculture of Jiangsu increased .
France Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that leaders of Iraq refused to co-operate with United Nations and have caused this deeply regretted outcome .
during the preliminaries , Lan Wei , a highly-skilled twenty-six year-old native of Guangdong , scored 355.35 for first place .
Nanjing , December 16 -lrb- Xinhua -rrb- foreign fund put into Jiangsu 's agricultural sector is increasing
someone connected global warming to the phenomenon of El Nino .
Xinhua News agency , Beijing , January 16th , by Xintang Xu and Yuhong Qian - the president of the Bank of China , Xianglong Dai said that , China will continue implementing the financial opening up policy .
this kind of measure restrained the economic growth , leading to the rise of unemployment .
Siemens Germany is currently cooperating with a local Thai company , and constructing another 23km long electric railway project in Bangkok .
he said that the same resolve would lead to the success of the Kyoto Protocol .
however , the official who disclosed the above declined to elaborate what kind of missile technology is being exported and when China provided such technology to Pakistan and Iran .
Yunnan Gardens was developed by Fujian company , there are 313 apartments in this residential project .
in the last two years , some foreign businessmen showed their interest in the construction of Xiling City .
the Dai Yu Xiang industrial consulting company said that spacious front door area is the biggest characteristic of Yunnan Gardens with land ownership .
this measure restrained economic growth and raised the rate of unemployment .
according to Xinhua news agency , London , on February 3rd , BBC reporter Bowen stayed in Baghdad . the capital of Iraq stated that there was no evidence to indicate the bomb-shelter destroyed by a US bomber was a military target .
Mr. Siazon said , '' someone used to say , have n't we been burned once before ? when we were ready to accept them , it did n't take long before they fought agaion '' .
railroad officials blamed the bus passengers for the accident , the Indian news agency India Press Trust report said .
we mentioned the problems Australia is concerned with , such as human rights and dispatching army officers to East Timor '' .
the two prime ministers requested that UN Secretary-General prolong the UN representative 's stay in Cambodia to 6 months or longer .
the question is that what we can do now .
it is now 15 months since Hong Kong 's return , Hong Kong government always tries to remind local residents that they are Chinese .
currently Iran has more than 200,000 troops along the border with Afghanistan .
a subsidiary company of Germany Siemens is co-operating with a local Thailand company on the construction of another electric railway of 23 kilometers long in Bangkok .
he added that the 83-year old woman is being treated for shock in a nearby hospital .
we must strengthen the unity between the military units and the governments , and that between the military units and the civilians , to enable the military units really understand , stand with and for the people of every nationality .
some are already broken into pieces due to prolonged exposure to the elements above the ground .
Sino-U.S. high technology cooperation agreements signed in Shanghai
the Executive Deputy Governor of Henan Province Li Chengyu briefed on Henan 's natural resources and economic development .
Liu Zhenting reports from Bangkok .
I think we have repeated this for several times , the most important thing in this regard is to handle Taiwan question appropriately .
Huang Sihua made the comment at an economic report and exchange meeting held by the Malaysian Chinese Industry and Commerce Union the day before yesterday .
Xinhua news agency , Xiamen , January 16 -lrb- by journalist Yu Yinrui -rrb- - two convenient chain stores named '' Beatrice '' opened for business here today .
they discussed the aspects in detail and reached an extensive agreement .
the name of the Wanma Computer Company comes from the five basic strokes used by the computer specialist Yongmin Wang to create the Chinese characters
Xinhua news agency , Hangzhou , September 2 -lrb- by journalist Shen haixiong and Shen Xiquan -rrb- - the educational circle in Zhejiang disaster area suffered a lot because of typhoon No. 17 . 1,500 schools had their premises , and facilities damaged .
the British Immigrants Association urged the government to face the problem for the benefit of local immigrants and also for Australia 's economy .
Asia 's economic revival is in its beginning phase .
Duma prepared to consider resuming the political and economic cooperation between Russia and Iraq regardless that the United Nations had applied 8 years sanctions against Iraq .
but in no event will Hopewell be allowed to participate in the project .
England 's High Court revoked the detention of Pinochet at the very beginning due to Pinochet 's immunity from prosecution as the former leader of a country .
China has also adopted precalcining kiln production technology in the last few years , establishing modern large-scale cement companies such as Jidong , Ningguo , Zhunhai and Liuzhou . their annual cement production has increased by 22 million tons .
the lower Divisional Court believes the retired Pinochet had diplomatic immunity , while the Law Lords said diplomatic immunity was not applicable to such actions as genocide , torture and terrorism .
notwithstanding that the Chinese government has issued several similar orders before , it appears the determination this time is much stronger .
a government that does not fear the people is not the one of the people '' .
obviously referring to the Cambodia 's attempt of accession to ASEAN in April , 1997 .
this area '' looked like it was painted to disguise it in order that it might avoid detection , but the evidence shows that it was a military target '' .
however , the referendum rejected the territory division proposal and that is the end to the whole peace solution '' .
according to the statement , in the referendum held on August 27 and 28 more than 90 percent of the voters opposed the territorial divisions proposed by the International Contact Group .
the prize issuing ceremony was solemnly held at Philippines Culture Center .
he said '' , we welcome foreigners who want to come to Malaysia to invest , but if they give money to demonstrators we will definitely protest against that '' .
this is also one of the important orders for the domestic production of the stored program controlled electronic telephone switching system .
while the structure of China 's use of foreign investment is still taking shape , the sources of capital come from 170 countries and territories .
the French Foreign Ministry said that because Iraqi leader refuses to cooperate with the UN caused this sad events .
if we accept them as a new member now and they fight again afterwards , we will have to solve the problem once again '' .
in 1975 , Indonesia invaded East Timor , the former colony of Portugal , and annexed East Timor into Indonesia 's territory a few weeks later .
