Amrozi accused his brother , whom he called `` the witness '' , of deliberately distorting his evidence .
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10 , offering the cargo for sale , he added .
The stock rose $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close Friday at $ 21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier .
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court .
He said the foodservice pie business does n't fit the company 's long-term growth strategy .
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond .
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein 's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum .
Sheena Young of Child , the national infertility support network , hoped the guidelines would lead to a more `` fair and equitable '' service for infertility sufferers .
The new Finder puts a user 's folders , hard drive , network servers , iDisk and removable media in one location , providing one-click access .
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti , western portions of the Dominican Republic , the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands .
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail .
Six months ago , the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $ 6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August .
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people , objects , and situations , while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them .
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building , he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse .
Singapore is already the United States ' 12th-largest trading partner , with two-way trade totaling more than $ 34 billion .
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate .
The largest gains were seen in prices , new orders , inventories and exports .
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday ; the shares closed on Monday at $ 3.01 .
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo 's U.S. military headquarters , Camp Bondsteel .
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. ( JCP ) and Walgreen Co. ( WAG ) kick things off on Monday .
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty .
Last year the court upheld Cleveland 's school voucher program , ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools .
Sorkin , who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury , was to have been tried separately .
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year , then grow 15.7 percent in 2004 .
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf , who has served in Australia , Vietnam , Greece and Pakistan .
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002 .
Results from No . 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight .
`` The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years . ''
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed .
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each , or $ 9.99 for an album .
However , the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive .
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $ 30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java , Visual C # and Visual Basic .NET .
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president ’ s appearance .
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates .
Meanwhile , the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November .
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe , Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come . ''
The downtime , to take place in May and June , is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet .
On July 3 , Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole .
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday , dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June .
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates .
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum .
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship 's thermal armor during Columbia 's ill-fated reentry .
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill 's family drama , `` Long Day 's Journey Into Night . ''
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $ 500,000 .
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday .
Thomas and Tauzin say , as do many doctors , that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws .
Based on experience elsewhere , it could take up to two years before regular elections are held , he added .
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , an American Cancer Society journal , being published online today .
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma , the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world , received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday .
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations , bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers .
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , U.S. officials said on Thursday .
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz , about 3km from the freeway .
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn 's release .
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted .
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries , including health care and hospitality .
Elena Slough , considered to be the nation 's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world , died early Sunday morning .
`` We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault .
El Watan , an Algerian newspaper , reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning , firing Kalashnikov rifles .
Shares of Hartford rose $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Tokyo Electric Power Co. , Asia 's largest power company , won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports .
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista , who has spent $ 1.71 million of his own money to force a recall .
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan , or road map , “ in a coma , ” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region .
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA , including Microsoft Word , Excel or PowerPoint .
Officials at Brandeis said this was an `` extremely heartrending '' time for the campus .
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence .
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months .
Tonight a spokesman for Russia 's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia 's position on cooperation with Iran 's nuclear-energy efforts .
A day earlier , a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi 's death .
The suite comes complete with a word processor , spreadsheet , presentation software and other components , while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format .
Downstream at Mount Vernon , the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight , Burke said .
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison .
For example , Anhalt said , children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving , although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings .
Kline 's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers , but it also would apply to doctors providing other services , such as prenatal care , to a pregnant child under 16 .
The United Nations ' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published , but Britain did not provide any , U.N. officials said .
Sixteen days later , as superheated air from the shuttle 's reentry rushed into the damaged wing , `` there was no possibility for crew survival , '' the board said .
`` The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers , '' he told reporters as he emerged from a church service .
Powell fired back : `` He 's accusing the president of a ludicrous act , '' he said .
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July .
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux , a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company .
Unable to find a home for him , a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California .
Also Tuesday , the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war , and officials announced that all would soon be let go .
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district 's racial balance , facilities , budget , and busing .
`` We had nothing to do with @ Stake 's internal personnel decision , '' Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said .
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters , which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks .
His plan would cost more than $ 200 billion annually , which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush 's tax cuts .
There had been fears that the 35 year-old would n't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus .
Prosecutors said Paracha , if convicted , could face at least 17 years in prison .
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums , Apple said .
`` This deal makes sense for both companies , '' Halla said in a prepared statement .
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants , said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool .
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven , and Swartz repaid it in full , with interest , according to his lawyer , Charles Stillman .
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized , Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot , razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
Ms. Haque , meanwhile , was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom .
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is `` a private person and does n't care to have his treatment out for public consumption . ''
While a month 's supply of aspirin can cost less than $ 10 , the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $ 100 .
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality .
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
In two new schemes , people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users .
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas , Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others ' .
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq .
Under the program , U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target and search high-risk cargo .
And if we do n't do this , innocent people on the ground are going to die , too . ''
`` It 's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program , '' he added , `` but I look forward to the challenge .
`` It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but then again , I look forward to the challenge , '' he said .
As a result , Nelson now faces up to 10 years ' jail instead of life .
With all precincts reporting , Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote .
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky 's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service , the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB .
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours , he said .
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday .
They believe the same is true in humans , giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease .
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington 's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight .
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday 's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon .
Michael Mitchell , the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee , did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon .
In Canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent ( U.S. ) mark .
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery . ''
`` The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be , '' the board 's chairman , retired Adm. Hal Gehman , said .
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to `` overweight '' from `` equal-weight '' saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004 .
The Interior Minister , Al Mustapha Sahel , said the investigation `` points to a group that has been arrested recently '' , an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist .
The report was found Oct. 23 , tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation .
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers , couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas .
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa , 34 , a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen .
`` We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States , '' Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque .
`` We condemn and denounce the Governing Council , which is headed by the United States , '' Moqtada al-Sadr said .
Mrs Boncyk 's husband , Wayne , had taken the family car to work , so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours .
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further .
For the weekend , the top 12 movies grossed $ 157.1 million , up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier .
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush ( news - web sites ) proposed investing $ 1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles .
`` Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard , '' Kaye said , `` and I can assure you that what he said happened did n't happen . ''
At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings .
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon .
By 2007 , antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $ 4.4 billion -- double that of five years earlier .
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 21.63 a share , down 11 cents .
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it .
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .
`` I just got carried away and started making stuff , '' Byrne said .
Georgia can not afford to not get funding , '' said Dr. Melinda Rowe , Chatham County 's health director .
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company , Palm , Inc. , for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own .
Handspring 's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares ( and no shares of PalmSource ) for each share of Handspring common stock they own .
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $ 28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Based on having at least one of the symptoms , most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year .
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year .
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products , according to the Palo Alto , California company .
A few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through Friday .
In a televised interview on Wednesday , ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone .
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens , a study published Wednesday finds .
Later in the day , however , a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install .
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama .
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama .
On Thursday , a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely .
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC , and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws .
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured .
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months .
In the first three months of 2003 alone , weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 % -- the biggest drop in more than a decade , '' Lieberman said .
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation , a journal of the American Heart Association ( news - web sites ) .
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq 's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war .
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq 's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war .
The epidemic began in November in the mainland 's Guangdong province , but the People 's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
IG Farben 's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros ( about R300-million ) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million .
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $ 2.3 billion from a year earlier .
The agent , Bassem Youssef , filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia .
`` Smallpox is not the only threat to the public 's health , and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness , '' Strom said .
Mr Abbas said : `` Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost .
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue . ''
Later in the day , a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound .
`` By its actions , the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war , '' Lieberman said .
`` By its actions , the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war , '' the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference .
ONG KONG , July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong 's leader .
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire .
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006 , U.S. Airways said in a release .
The acquisition has been approved by both companies ' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year .
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name , but later revealed his true identity .
If the companies wo n't , their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state 's say-so .
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation 's infrastructure , as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers .
Singer Brandy and her husband , Robert Smith , have called it quits .
She told Murray , `` We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast ! ''
`` The president 's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising , and the campaign will again in 2004 , '' Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said .
On April 11 , Mayor Bart Peterson said it was `` inconceivable '' that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers , including 1,100 mechanics .
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean .
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale .
With the exception of dancing , physical activity did not decrease the risk .
Williams was White , and four of his victims were Black ; the fifth was White .
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court , marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley .
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier .
`` It 's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young , '' said Hernandez , who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design .
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey .
Ryan Harvey , an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs .
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist , and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia .
The bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create , publish , manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet , extranet and Internet environment .
When you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , '' said Charles Weisselberg , a UC Berkeley law professor .
A $ 500 million natural-gas-fired power plant , for example , could replace up to $ 100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls .
On Sunday , the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States .
Gov . Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission .
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan , where it weakened considerably , the meteorology department said .
Along with chip.m.aker Intel , the companies include Sony Corp. , Microsoft Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , International Business Machines Corp. , Gateway Inc. , Nokia Corp. and others .
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park 's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices , hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire 's path .
`` It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived , '' Mr. Sprayregen said .
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area , Oklahoma Gas and Electric said .
`` The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent '' growth rate , George Scalise , the trade association 's president , said in a statement .
Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical care .
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out , Richardson said .
Phone calls to Spitzer 's office , Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned .
Instead , the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect .
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable .
Joan B. Kroc , the billionaire widow of McDonald 's Corp. founder Ray Kroc , died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer .
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers , including payment services .
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists .
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions .
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta , an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers .
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania , but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now .
Researchers at Sweden 's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959 .
The state , which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions , says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff .
The little girl , the daughter of a teller , was taken to the bank after a doctor 's appointment .
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1 .
`` Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue , which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset , '' the company said in a statement .
Even later in life , he was still cashing in : lately , he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com .
In a statement , the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to `` maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential . ''
In Vienna , the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation , although no date had yet been set .
Strikingly , the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton .
From July 1 , 2002 , to June 30 , 2003 , the organization said it spent $ 114.3 million but took in only $ 39.5 million .
The 20 master computers are located in the United States , Canada and Korea , Mr. Kuo said .
They said : “ We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free .
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service .
The new effort , Taxpayers Against the Recall , will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station .
Called `` Taxpayers Against the Recall , '' it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station .
Furthermore , chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool .
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River .
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall .
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building .
`` Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists , '' Graham said , `` this Bush administration chose to settle old scores . ''
Marisa Baldeo stated , however , the authority 's official uniform policy says `` they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap .
Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies , and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling .
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield .
Sean Harrigan of Calpers , the California fund , said : `` Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough .
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area , fitting that description , Morris said .
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains , local libraries and on the EPA Web site : www.epa.gov .
The captain , Michael J. Gansas , was notified yesterday by the city 's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired .
Since then , police divers have searched nearby parts of Long Island Sound looking for the remaining three .
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages .
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha , Qatar , and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years .
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record .
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15 , compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
SARS has killed 296 people on China 's mainland and infected more than 5,200 .
`` Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women , except those who join the war [ against Islam ] . ''
The company will launch 800 hot spots , or `` Wi-Fi Zones , '' later this summer , and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year .
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like `` Thank You ! '' and `` Re : Details '' .
From California , Bush flies to Japan on Thursday , followed by visits to the Philippines , Thailand , Singapore , Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24 .
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others , said the official .
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy , a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7 .
They weighed an average 220 pounds ( 100 kg ) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds .
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty .
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $ 450,000 from the ARB .
The name for the robot , due to be launched at 2:05 p.m. , was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children .
Doris Brasher , who owns a grocery store near the police station , said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed .
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache , Alta. , Carrot River , Sask. , Chapleau , Ont. , and Aberdeen , Wash .
Intel was disappointed and assessing its `` options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel , '' spokesman Chuck Mulloy said .
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989 .
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment ( EAE ) with the new mainframe .
Gov . Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch .
That information was first reported in today 's editions of the New York Times .
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress `` long-cherished freedoms '' .
At community colleges , tuition will jump to $ 2,800 from $ 2,500 .
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $ 300 to $ 2,800 or 12 percent .
However , commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers .
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $ 54.9-million for Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me .
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away , with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator .
He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol .
Also Tuesday , a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq .
Hunt 's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt 's murder conviction thrown out .
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April , spurred by low mortgage rates .
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software , along with Salesforce.com 's rental price .
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity , increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused .
That 's the highest third-quarter growth rate we 've seen in over 25 years , '' said Andy Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer .
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well , with some aspects , including the communication system linking various agencies , working better than expected .
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia .
`` This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure , '' Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said .
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach .
Parrado 's aunt believes her nephew , who has served a prison sentence in Cuba , will be persecuted if he is repatriated .
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives .
Per-user pricing is $ 29 for Workplace Messaging , $ 89 for Team Collaboration and $ 35 for Collaborative Learning .
`` Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores , '' Mr. Graham said .
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser , following a patent verdict that went against the company , Microsoft said Friday .
`` It 's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM , '' she said .
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line .
The Infineon case began in August 2000 , when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud .
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income .
`` The Princess ' marriage was not set up by force , '' said Vasile Ionescu , of the Roma Centre for public policies .
Hynix CEO E.J . Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an `` outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda . ''
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 's original application in December 2001 , saying the trial had been sloppily conducted .
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
CAPPS II will not use bank records , records indicating creditworthiness or medical records . ''
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday .
`` Fewer than 10 '' FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques , the Justice Department said .
In addition , the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted `` fewer than 10 '' investigations involving visits to mosques .
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation 's highest court .
`` We 're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston , '' Lincoln said .
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country .
Car volume fell 8 per cent , while light truck sales -- which include vans , pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent .
He said he had made it `` very plain '' to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty .
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .
Robert Stewart , a spokesman for Park Place , the parent company of Caesars Palace , said he was surprised by the court 's decision .
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $ 42.72 and were the Dow 's biggest percentage loser .
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office .
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday .
A key to that effort was the company 's introduction of a 10-year , 100,000-mile warranty , meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company .
The word Advent , from Latin , means `` the coming . ''
The companies said `` it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence . ''
Another brother , Ali Imron , was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse .
Most times , wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country .
Rumsfeld , who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership , passed over nine active-duty four-star generals .
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans .
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket .
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week .
`` This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges , '' Mr Spitzer said .
Kyi , a U.N. envoy says , as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed .
The decision could also prove useful in the `` war on terrorism '' .
In the first stage of the attack , the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman , who announced Tuesdays ban , also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help .
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky .
However , the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a `` large number '' of existing Web sites .
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action .
`` I think 70 percent of the work is already done , '' Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol .
`` We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise , '' said Neal R. Sonnett , a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants .
Earlier , they had defied a police order and cried `` Allahu Akbar '' ( God is Greatest ) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom .
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft ’ s global security chief , Scott Charney , reiterated Microsoft ’ s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users .
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town .
An officer in the People 's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14 , Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm .
A former candidate for governor of New York , he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson , including the capital charges against him , will be tried in September .
Meanwhile , rival contender , General Electric 's NBC , submitted a letter of interest , a source familiar with the matter said .
`` This deal makes sense for both companies , '' Brian Halla , National 's chief executive , said in a statement .
`` This deal makes good sense for both companies , '' said Brian L. Halla , National 's chairman , president and CEO .
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6 , while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6 .
The priest , the Rev . John F. Johnston , 64 , of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights , was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon .
`` Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling ... against little or no competition , '' Hubach said in the statement .
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections .
`` I think it happened very quickly , '' Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime .
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage .
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points .
United issued a statement saying it will `` work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions . ''
Tonight , 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school 's 143-year history .
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $ 10 million plus bonuses , earning him about $ 220,000 a game .
`` We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana , '' she told a victory party in New Orleans .
It said the operation , which began on Monday , was part of `` the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists , paramilitary groups and other subversive elements . ''
`` But they never climb out of the pot of beer again . ''
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries , including Canada , are held , many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network .
`` Beginning ; early stages ; not life-threatening ; treatable , '' he said at a news conference at the Capitol .
Oracle 's offer `` undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders , '' PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said .
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $ 25,000 bond .
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg , according to her mother , Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester .
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper .
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected .
The report released Monday simply says , This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue .
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses .
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya 's acting president while his boss , Akhmad Kadyrov , is on the campaign trail .
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , Dallager , for failing to address the scandal .
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , Dallager , for not addressing the scandal .
Robert Liscouski , the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection , will oversee NCSD .
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday 's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya .
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1 , killing its seven astronauts .
Feral 's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov . Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992 .
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public .
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics .
Massachusetts is one of 12 states that does not have the death penalty , having abolished capital punishment in 1984 .
Taylor 's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos , a view shared by many in Liberia and , in private , even by mediators .
HP 's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year , compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell .
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties .
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that `` we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement , '' with Ford and G.M .
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts , such as the European Court of Human Rights .
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits , according to a document obtained by The Associated Press .
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth , strong investment banking and trading results , and improved mortgage and card revenues .
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter , David Blair , in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad . ''
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions , but President Bill Clinton vetoed them .
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
At his sentencing , Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him .
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million .
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony 's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed .
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies , including at least three Colorado companies , for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications .
He was eventually taken to London 's Hammersmith hospital , where doctors regulated Blair 's heart beat via electric shock .
Under the legislation , a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison .
Chirac , who can pardon a law-breaker , refused Humbert 's request last year but kept in close touch with the family .
When police removed the four from the home , they weighed 136 pounds combined .
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country .
The second company , temporarily dubbed `` InternationalCo . '' , includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings .
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison .
The draft of the report was forthright : `` Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment . ''
In the 2002 study , the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points .
Westfield , which owns Galleria in Morley , also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne , half-owned by Deutsche Bank .
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres , such as Knox City in Melbourne , where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake .
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from `` The Sopranos . ''
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
Mr. Clinton 's national security adviser , Sandy Berger , said that the White House was n't informed of the FBI activities .
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat , while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points , the company said .
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came , prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press .
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived .
`` What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families . ''
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road , building tollways , facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility .
`` This decision is clearly incorrect , '' FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement .
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property .
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company 's or his boss 's name .
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House .
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation .
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994 .
In 2002 , for example , the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points , or 15.6 percent , between May and October , due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines .
She said six were from Douglas County , the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg , and two were from the Portland area .
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building .
A rival distributor , Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures , says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions , he can not detect any advance scepticism , even within the business .
`` The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit , undermining our defenses , '' Ashcroft said .
He admits that the law `` has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit , undermining our defenses . ''
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin .
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9 .
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser , '' he told an industry audience in London yesterday .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , Bob Schindler .
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines .
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again , according to the letter .
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents , or 14 percent , to close at $ 4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
`` Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D . Edwards transaction , '' PeopleSoft responded .
At best , Davydenko 's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette ; at worst , they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf .
The Pentagon says it 's a technique that 's been successful in predicting elections , even box-office receipts .
Treatment guidelines , many written by medical-specialty organizations , recommend approaches to many ailments , such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis .
After three months , Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group .
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year 's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday .
`` It 's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but I look forward to the challenge , '' Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters .
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with , nor was Dean asked that question .
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees .
`` Today , we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush . ''
In a statement , the Redmond , Wash. , company said that it was acquiring the `` intellectual property and technology assets '' of GeCAD .
That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit 's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries .
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region .
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A & M declined to confirm how many employees were affected .
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women .
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision , Libeskind said .
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle 's offer .
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $ 2.4 million a year .
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack .
Under Kansas law , it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations .
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest .
Fires in Spain 's Extremadura region , which borders Portugal , have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes .
`` The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker could n't be more wrong , '' Mr Howard said .
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun , spring can last more than 40 years .
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands ' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds .
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth .
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work .
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police , a court heard yesterday .
They passed through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia .
We believe them to be without merit , and will defend ourselves vigorously .
The Russell 2000 index , which tracks smaller company stocks , was up 1.02 , or 0.21 percent , at 496.83 .
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns , a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth , both Republican candidates .
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway .
In a statement later , he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short .
Among the most recent additions to the list , which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals , is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev , the former president of Chechnya .
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony , kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington .
Second quarter sales came in at $ 645 million , up from $ 600 million the year before , AMD said .
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury , Aaron said .
The other 18 people in the building , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend , were not injured , police spokesman Don Aaron said .
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year .
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds , An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome ( IBS ) were also infected with the MAP bug .
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason , the ministry said .
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year , the company announced yesterday .
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky , deputy general director of the plane 's owners , Mediterranean Airlines , said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog .
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall .
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker , '' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television .
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit .
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden , according to the study .
Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival , Kanisa , for $ 4.25 million .
`` I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex . ''
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed .
But Mr. Peterson added , `` I do n't know anybody in the conference committee who 's fighting to keep it out completely . ''
So far , however , only four companies have licensed the protocols , according to the report to the judge yesterday .
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement , saying , `` I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , J. Michael Boxley .
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of our experience on 11 September , '' Rumsfeld said .
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August .
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey , court records show .
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume , compared with 14 percent for saturated fat .
However , a recent slide in prices and OPEC 's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market .
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer , not the tribe , meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax .
Hoffa , 62 , vanished on the afternoon of July 30 , 1975 , from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County , about 25 miles north of Detroit .
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson 's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17 .
Peterson , 31 , is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son .
`` Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [ to demonstrate a vulnerability ] without building in the reproductive sequences .
In other words , Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network 's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable .
A gunman who had `` a beef with the Postal Service '' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday , authorities said .
The agency will `` consider as timely any tax returns or payments due '' Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22 .
Appleton said police continue to hold out the possibility that more than one person was involved in the poisonings .
`` My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified , become uncensored , so the American people would know . ''
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified , become uncensored so the American people would know , '' Mr. Shelby said on NBC 's `` Meet the Press . ''
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $ 25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
His other films include `` Malcolm X , '' `` Summer of Sam '' and `` Jungle Fever . ''
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail .
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link .
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .
After 9/11 , Connolly said , agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi .
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai , Turkey and Malaysia , among others .
With an estimated net worth of $ 1.7 billion , Mrs. Kroc ranked No . 121 on Forbes magazine 's latest list of the nation 's wealthiest people .
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime , including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war .
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker , said Dr. Colin D ’ Cunha , Ontario ’ s commissioner of public health .
`` People who are high in positive emotions sleep better , they have better diets , they exercise more , they have lower levels of these stress hormones , '' Cohen said .
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains , with interest , and pay penalties .
He added that those `` are not solely American principles , nor are they exclusively Western . ''
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit , the area from which he and Hussein hail , about 90 miles north of Baghdad , U.S. military officials said Wednesday night .
`` If we do n't march into Tehran , I think we will be in pretty good shape , '' he said .
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February 's initial overstatement news .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > lost 6 points , or 0.71 percent , to 927 .
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida .
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans .
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 < CHF= > to the greenback .
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii 's history , the agencies said .
The FCC said existing televisions , VCRs , DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system .
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading .
For the third time in the past four years , wildfires are the problem .
Axcan 's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents , or 4 percent , at C $ 16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday .
On Thursday , Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name `` Spike TV . ''
A grief-stricken old woman , disconsolate with grief , smeared her face with dirt , uttering : `` My child , my child . ''
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses .
Chad Kolton , emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security , said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently .
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature .
The Opposition Leader , Simon Crean , said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers .
In fact , 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them .
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment .
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60 % lower risk of Alzheimer 's than those who never or rarely ate fish .
`` APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable , '' Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders .
Clayton 's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The cleanup , including new carpeting , electrical wiring and bathrooms , cost about $ 130 million .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser , who identified himself only as `` Eleonora67 ] , '' to extend the contest until 8am ( AEST ) today .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as `` Eleonora67 , '' to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday .
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks , which killed 231 people , including 12 Americans .
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .
Earlier this year , the company announced a restatement of its 2002 , 2001 and 2000 financial results .
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent .
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback .
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him .
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years , Veronique , by his side .
But in the end , all the worm did was visit a pornography site , said Vincent Weafer , a security director with Symantec Security Response in California .
While it was being called mandatory , Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes .
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies .
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore , Okla .
Yesterday , shares closed up 29 cents , or 0.54 percent , at $ 54.32 .
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
Officials with Rescue California , one of the groups leading the recall campaign , called the lawsuit laughable .
The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary , Netscape Communications .
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market , but much lower share in the rest of the world .
He was sent to Larned State Hospital , where he was evaluated and treated .
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA 's counterpart in Canada .
After about three hours of negotiations , the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks .
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes .
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies , including The Seattle Times , The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer .
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business .
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him .
Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy .
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years , but he has said many communities , especially rural ones , have opposed it .
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch . ''
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own .
`` The Republicans went into a closet , met with themselves , and announced a 'compromise . ' ''
Goodrem , 18 , announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin 's disease , a curable form of lymphoma cancer .
He says that `` this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy , not questioning it .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said Friday .
United already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets .
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $ 2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $ 3.27 billion for fiscal 2002 .
A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months , the U.S. civil administrator said Monday .
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife , singer Whitney Houston .
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .
Ghulam Mahaiuddin , head of administration in the southern province of Helmand , said the bus blast happened early in the morning , west of the provincial capital Lashkargah .
Synthes-Stratec 's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston .
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them .
The numbers highlight a conundrum : the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society .
`` Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying , store operations and sourcing , '' he said .
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday .
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan 's law school and undergraduate college .
`` We have found the smoking gun , '' investigating board member Scott Hubbard said .
Congo 's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government .
She said Jane Doe 's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena .
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot .
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites , five Sunni Arabs , five Kurds , an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen .
The council includes 13 Shiites , five Kurds , five Sunnis , one Christian and one Turkoman .
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university 's Web site , `` Our fundamental values have n't changed .
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium , Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort .
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US $ 100 and US $ 150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs .
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor , 128M bytes of memory , a 40G-byte hard drive , and a CD-ROM drive costs US $ 729 .
`` We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January , '' Mr. Parsons said optimistically .
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets .
Less than a month after departing her anchor 's chair at `` Dateline NBC , '' Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show .
`` The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation . ''
A few hours later , the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis , R-Colo .
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today . ''
More than 130 people and $ 17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime .
Without going into specifics , Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft 's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs .
`` I am happy to be here in the United States , far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro , '' Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter .
Michel , who remains in the government , denied that US pressure had provoked the government 's move .
In January 1996 , two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift , posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies .
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license .
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists , and dealing arms without a licence .
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000 .
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody .
`` Contrary to the court 's decision , we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list .
Ruffner , 45 , does n't yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authorities said .
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites .
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty , and threatens serious damage to the company 's business , he added .
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country .
I never thought I 'd write these words , but here goes : I miss Vin Diesel .
Those findings , published in today 's Journal of the American Medical Association , are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy .
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child 's suicide .
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote .
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir .
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims `` have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda '' .
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men 's behavior `` was a disgrace , and totally inappropriate for city employees . ''
Right now , only six states do : Arkansas , Michigan , Minnesota , New Jersey , Virginia , and Wisconsin .
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation .
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere , as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others .
Frank Quattrone , the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru , reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
It is the fifth such election in Iraq , after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq 's south .
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well .
`` This individual 's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally . ''
But SCO has hit back , saying : `` We view IBM 's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model .
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday .
If Walker appeals Parrish 's ruling , it would stop the extradition process and could take several months , Rork said .
Boykin ’ s also referred to Islamist fighters as America ’ s “ spiritual enemy ” that , “ will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus ” .
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE 's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server .
`` To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing , we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds ( from Congress ) , '' said Faletti .
In Falluja on Thursday , two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment , wounding seven .
Prince Saud said , `` The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . ''
`` If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with , we would n't have had a problem . ''
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda , which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease .
Shares of MONY were gaining $ 2.57 , or 9 % , to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet .
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago .
`` But they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , '' Mr Jordan said .
In the second quarter last year , the company experienced a net loss of $ 185 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 600 million .
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September , Strayhorn said .
In 1995 , Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities , most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters .
A spokesman said : `` Further testing is under way but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook is positive . ''
Later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .
Except for a few archaic characteristics , they are as recognizable as Hamlet 's poor Yorick .
Only two other countries , Germany and the Dominican Republic , have publicly expressed reservations , and Germany has since said it will sign it .
The settlement includes $ 4.1 million in attorneys ' fees and expenses .
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there , '' Reuters reports Langone as saying .
The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner .
However , John Clare , chief executive of the Dixons Group , expressed his disappointment .
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace , according to a report released shortly after the opening bell .
Microsoft has described the technology as `` a brand new client platform for building smart , connected , media rich applications in Longhorn . ''
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law .
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman , 51 , will be CEO of the combined company .
`` It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo , '' Anomeritis said , referring to the quantity of explosives on board .
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999 , and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid 's earnings .
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson , and more than 250 homes had been destroyed .
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago .
It argued that such access `` is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent . ''
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday , suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen .
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines .
In Taiwan , the capital 's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide `` take-your-temperature '' campaign Sunday , amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off .
American forces here organized the elections , which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq .
`` If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [ his ] innocence , we welcome it .
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl 's mother , Lansdowne said .
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicates expansion .
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo .
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement `` will be a compromise , like the real world requires . ''
IBM is also `` pursuing membership in the group '' and plans to be an active participant , according to the CELF statement .
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum .
Through Thursday , Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered .
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president ’ s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife ’ s employment at the agency .
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War .
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04 , a four-week low .
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4 .
The center has a budget of $ 45 million , most of which will be spent on research and testing , Bridges said .
`` For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , '' according to extracts released yesterday .
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America .
`` The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company , '' Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said .
In exchange , North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program .
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night .
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American , '' Abraham said .
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices .
At 12 , Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick .
Sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .
If the MTA 's appeal to a higher court is successful , the $ 2 bus and subway base fare wo n't be rolled back .
Now , nearly two years later , Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence .
In Nairobi , Kenya , the Very Rev . Peter Karanja , provost of All Saints Cathedral , said the U.S. Episcopal Church `` is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion . ''
The Episcopal Church `` is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion , '' said the Very Rev . Peter Karanja , provost of the All Saints Cathedral , in Nairobi .
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures , approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election .
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction .
Robert Walsh , 40 , remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital 's north campus .
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration .
`` For us , that does n't make a difference - the sexual orientation , '' Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto .
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions : hardware monitoring , overclocking management , BIOS ( Basic Input Output System ) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box .
Sony 's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images , ring tones , music videos and other music entertainment services .
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect , but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America .
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter .
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .
Starting on Saturday , every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft 's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests .
Florida 's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were `` irretrievably tainted '' by misconduct by lawyers representing the class .
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results .
In addition , the committee noted , `` while spending is firming , the labour market has been weakening '' .
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security .
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms .
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29 .
Under the proposal , Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share .
The day after Wilkie resigned , Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed `` chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale '' .
`` I stand 100 percent by it , and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time . ''
Earlier on Monday , Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was `` a victim of fraudulent action '' .
All three were studied for fingerprints , DNA and other traces of evidence , but prosecutors have not yet testified to what , if anything , they yielded .
J.D . Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D . Edwards .
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues ( to put ) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance , '' Graham said .
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $ 1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use .
`` There were , '' said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff , `` some extremely bad decisions .
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde 's sonic boom .
Zulifquar Ali , a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the attackers first targeted the mosque 's guards .
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .
`` I think it 's going to be a close vote , but I think the grant proposal is going to win , '' McConnell said .
`` We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack , '' Barbara Comstock said .
`` We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks , '' said Barbara Comstock , Ashcroft 's press secretary .
Since March 11 , when the market 's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October , the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent .
The two men , whose names were not released , both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , police said .
`` We 've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress , probably later than we should have .
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people .
After their arrests , the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine , Wash. , from Canada last month , two sources said .
After their arrests , the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month .
`` We ca n't change the past , but we can do a lot about the future , '' Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon .
Subsequently , some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer .
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week .
In his new position , Dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over Atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $ 18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The shares fell 72 cents , or 3.8 percent , to $ 18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace 's comments .
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia 's camp , when the mudslide smashed into two cabins .
One , Fort Carson-based Sgt . Ernest Bucklew , 33 , was on his way home to attend his mother 's funeral in Pennsylvania , relatives said .
Sgt . Ernest Bucklew , 33 , was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania .
And `` although the preconditions for recovery remain in place , '' it said the prospects for British exports were `` weaker than previously expected . ''
`` Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place , the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected . ''
Israel 's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip , where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign .
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December , the Center said .
Announced last week , Apple 's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week , the company announced on Monday .
`` Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices , '' company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing .
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June .
Germany , another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council , has moved closer to the United States , and did not insist on a timetable Monday .
Power5 , like Power4 , includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon .
She said in 2003 , not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent .
Special , sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow , he said .
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children , says Canada 's environment commissioner .
Overall , 83 percent of women washed up , compared with 74 percent of men .
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year .
`` Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we 're back in Europe , '' Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday .
SSE shares were little changed , up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT , but analysts welcomed the move .
`` There is no conscious policy of the United States , I can assure you of this , to move the dollar at all , '' he said .
It 's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
`` As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused , '' Microsoft told the BBC .
We have already found two trailers , both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital , her personal physician said .
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $ 2 billion .
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available , she said .
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry , the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands .
He left the ship after the collision , went to his home , and attempted suicide .
He reportedly claims Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while Harold Keke 's group was armed .
`` The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical .
In an unusual move , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites .
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing , Peterson will be held for trial on the charges .
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels .
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday , with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday .
`` Everything is going to move everywhere , '' Doug Feith , undersecretary of defence for policy , said in an interview .
According to Sanmina-SCI , Newisys , based in Austin , Texas , will become a wholly-owned subsidiary .
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs .
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday in federal court in Wilmington , Del. , claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive learning books for toddlers and preschoolers .
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers .
`` I love the Catholic Church with all my heart , mind , soul and strength , '' said Troy , who spoke quickly but in a steady voice .
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast .
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight , sweeping past the barbed wire barricades .
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died .
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach 's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck , which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States .
By skirting the FDA 's oversight , Eagan said , the quality of the imported drugs is `` less predictable '' than for those obtained in the United States .
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers ’ “ little minds ” .
The G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan 's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract .
He said : `` For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all . ''
By 10 p.m. , Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville , with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph , 9 mph shy of hurricane strength .
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father 's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship .
`` We must not engage in borough warfare , '' Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council 's Finance Committee .
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as `` Eleonora [ 67 ] , '' to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday .
But to see those pages , users would be required by Amazon to register , and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view .
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities .
Between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported .
`` Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... ( how ) he left the company , '' Mr Argus said .
`` Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these ( pension ) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company , '' Mr Argus said .
Five Big East schools , Connecticut , Pittsburgh , Rutgers , Virginia Tech and West Virginia , filed the lawsuit June 6 .
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign , but he is recovered .
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees ( 120 Fahrenheit ) , fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra .
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise , deciding the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
`` September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly , '' George Scalise , the SIA 's president , said in the statement .
The ISM noted that `` with the exception of March 2003 , growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002 . ''
That investigation closed without any charges being laid .
Gary Nicklaus , the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor 's exemption , birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69 .
`` There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all , '' Snow said .
`` Events on our system , in and of themselves , could not account for the widespread nature of the outage , '' FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel .
Kinsley , for example , wrote in the Post Monday : `` Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett , the virtue magnate , might be among our number .
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years .
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation , which he said the United States appears unwilling to do .
He was released on $ 3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas , where he had been filming a video .
After posting $ 3 million bail , Jackson flew to Las Vegas , where he had been working on a video .
Florida 's primary is n't until March 9 - following 28 other states .
`` It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived , '' Sprayregen said .
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , a Tennessee Republican , said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill .
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay .
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin .
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index shed 5.20 , or 0.6 percent , to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York .
`` Allison just proves you do n't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster , '' said Josh Lichter , a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office .
Today , analysts say , UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks .
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country 's banking and financial system .
The lawsuit , filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration , names Lay and Skilling among others .
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat , a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States .
Overall , students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching , the work-force portrait shows .
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $ 31.29 during midday trading Wednesday , down 72 cents or 2.25 percent .
According to the 2000 Census , Long Beach 's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent .
With 2.3 million members nationwide , the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion .
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent , as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software .
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3 .
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities .
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy , which has longer runways than Newark Airport .
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto , a city of four million people .
Despite their differences , U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement .
Bolland told the News of the World : “ I was astonished at Sir Michael ’ s question .
Symbol 's former chief accounting officer , Robert Korkuc , is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday , according to reports .
Two partners in Grant Thornton 's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat , the Italian dairy company .
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts .
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together .
A month ago , the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter .
A month ago , the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate .
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect 's shareholders .
Mark Kaiser , vice-president of marketing , and Tim Lee , vice-president of purchasing , were dismissed last week .
The most recent was in 1998 , when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst , New York .
Meanwhile , Lt. Gov . David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle : `` Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year . ''
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center .
`` Although some firms show BPO savings , vendors overstate their current offerings , '' John C. McCarthy , Forrester Group director , said .
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's panties .
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water .
In the year-ago period , Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit .
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq .
When the manager let him in the apartment , Brianna was in her mother 's bedroom lying in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and watching cartoons .
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day .
`` NASA 's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the ( loose ) foam . ''
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion .
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today .
Jordan Green , the prelate 's private lawyer , said he had no comment .
O'Brien 's attorney , Jordan Green , declined to comment .
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it , though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise .
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence .
`` Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world 's largest and most familiar brands , '' Heyer said in a statement .
However , official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August .
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $ 3.95 to $ 63.35 , recouping some of the $ 14.10 it lost Monday .
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development .
He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A . officer was `` a very serious matter '' that should be `` pursued to the fullest extent '' by the Justice Department .
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time .
Under the U.S. Constitution , the other chamber of Congress , the House of Representatives , does not vote on foreign alliances .
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $ 58.28 , up 16 cents , in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Two of the Britons , Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson , face the death penalty .
During a period of nearly a decade , Telemarketing Associates raised more than $ 7 million .
In the present case , Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement , and he estimated that it could approach $ 30 million .
`` That does n't mean to say it does n't exist , '' said Mr. Chandler , but simply that his team has n't uncovered evidence indicating such a link .
In 2002 , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $ 18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter , according to his latest Senate financial disclosure .
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup .
In addition to HP , vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates , EMC , IBM , Sun and Veritas .
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce .
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share , while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share .
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI , which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP 's Usenet news group server .
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index lost 6.77 , or 0.7 percent , to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York .
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers , a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder .
`` He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell , '' Nicky Webster , a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams , said .
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday , noting that the task force `` evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply . ''
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $ 817 million , the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement .
`` PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited . ''
Cruz came to the United States in 1960 , a year after the Cuban revolution .
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , and Vietnam .
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday .
Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia , Boykin told another audience , `` I knew my God was bigger than his .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75 , while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97 .
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq .
In addition , juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73 .
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed , Aaron said .
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March , 2004 .
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it can not find a buyer by then , the company said .
He has declined to comment on the charges , but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense .
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight .
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt ( kW ) nuclear reactor , the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake .
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion .
`` I 'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion , '' he said .
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause , and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason .
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever , crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users ' inboxes with a glut of messages .
The girl turned up late Sunday at a convenience store in East Palo Alto , about 30 miles from her home .
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter , IBM said in a statement .
`` His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it , to send it to him , so he can sign it . ''
At his request , he will be reassigned within the district .
Worldwide , more than 50 million people have seen `` Les Miz , '' with gross receipts of $ 1.8 billion .
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus .
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years .
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal .
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife 's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support .
Brian Florence , 38 , died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria , said the couple 's lawyer , Maranda Fritz .
The review outlines the tariffs ' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program .
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked , she said , there is a `` huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States .
John Logsdon , a board member , said that `` human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome . ''
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July , with microprocessors up 5.6 % and DRAMs up 8.2 % from June , the industry group said .
PC-related products were the strongest sellers , with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent , the SIA said .
The Prime Ministers of China , Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping .
`` Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them . ''
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML ( Extensible Markup Language ) data gathering application is priced at £179.99 .
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions , after U.S. review , on Friday , said Jim Landale , a spokesman for the tribunal .
Forty to 50 years ago , the ratio was 3 to 1 , Kessler said , and 10 years ago , it was 2 to 1 .
Before addressing the economy , Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia , which killed as many as 29 people , including seven Americans .
Sens . John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak .
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain , possibly as early as today .
Five foreign embassies , including the Singapore embassy , in Bangkok were among the targets , it said .
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan 's economy , as it has on economies across the region , hammering consumer spending and leaving shops , restaurants and airports empty .
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name .
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer .
There is , however , no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday .
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003 .
Hill , 50 , would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor .
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations , at odds for months over North Korea 's nuclear program and American demands that it cease .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , the federal agency that runs Medicare , last year began a similar effort for nursing homes .
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them .
`` He said they were in distress , '' said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato .
Calvin Hollins Jr. 's attorney , Thomas Royce , has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2 .
The lawyer for Hollins Jr. , Thomas Royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2 .
But none of them opposed the idea outright , ministers said .
No one has been killed in the attacks , which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces .
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier .
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up , '' he said .
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell , giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back .
`` For customers to get the most of the Internet , several factors are crucial , '' Pierre Danon , CEO of BT 's retail unit .
He has also directed `` The Flintstones , '' `` Beethoven , '' and `` Jingle All The Way . ''
As he left court , McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi , who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side .
`` We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year .
The $ 19.50-a-share bid , comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D . Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock .
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were `` defined by dedication and courage . ''
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal .
Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington , said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday 's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission .
Even the pizza man took part , delivering a flier with the missing girl 's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz 's house .
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March .
It will also boost SuSE 's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP 's Linux business , they said .
To create the condyle , Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats .
Of personal vehicles , 57 percent are cars or station wagons , 21 percent vans or SUVs , 19 percent light trucks .
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $ 20 million , furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market .
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to `` an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods . ''
Writing for the minority , Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to `` an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods . ''
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause .
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state 's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings .
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman , using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door .
The Senate majority leader , Bill Frist , Republican of Tennessee , said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September .
It was expected to raise the $ 90 million McGreevey expected .
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography , `` Find Me , '' that she was `` an abused child . ''
`` The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , '' the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision .
Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down .
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel , during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem .
`` He would often call me for advice , '' said Ronald L. Kuby , a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case .
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3 , when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed .
Police spokesman Brig . Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
Late last year , for example , more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa .
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments ' prior owners .
They were just making sure they dotted all the I 's and crossed all the T 's , '' said Schooff .
The comment period was to have expired on Monday .
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger , the League of United Latin American Citizens , said the Austrian-born actor 's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos .
He said European governments `` have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears .
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world 's largest computer company .
Oh yeah , Miami , Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference .
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $ 300 , to $ 2,800 .
`` No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused , '' Mr Blunkett said .
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house , according to Italian news agency ANSA .
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores .
Lee said Brianna had dragged food , toys and other things into the bedroom .
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants , the company said on Monday .
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore .
`` The Matrix Reloaded , '' which opened in limited previews Wednesday night , took in an estimated $ 135.8 million for all five days .
At first blush , then , the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place .
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved , where they would come from , or where they would end up .
`` The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance , '' he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency .
Voters in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners .
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT & T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was `` tight '' and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants .
The Cradle of Liberty Council is n't the first one to buck the national group 's stance .
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day , she said .
Today , we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market .
`` The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn 's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation , '' it said in a statement .
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks .
He added : `` I 've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor .
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment .
The computers were located in the United States , Canada , and South Korea .
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment , based at Fort Carson .
SARS , the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November , gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center .
This morning , at UM 's New York office , Coen revised his expectations downward , saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $ 247 billion .
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops , sources said last night .
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty , and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment .
In Toronto , police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents , mostly for looting and other thefts .
Other staff members , however , defended the document , saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue .
Tom Kasmer , a 14-year-old from Belmont , N.C. , got a word that sounded like `` zistee '' during yesterday 's competition .
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space .
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points , or 1.64 percent , at 1,626.49 , based on the latest data .
Privately-held GeCAD Software , founded in 1992 , has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus .
Kelly Boggs ' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix .
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system .
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks , proclaiming that genetically modified foods were n't the answer to the world 's food problems .
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder .
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness , or say they are balanced .
Yehuda Abraham , a 76-year-old jeweler in New York 's diamond district , allegedly accepted a $ 30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles , the government said .
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large .
The dollar gained against the euro , yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts .
`` If that ai n't a Democrat , then I must be at the wrong meeting , '' he said to a standing ovation .
`` After what happened here ... it 's tacky and unpatriotic , '' said JoAnn Marquis , visiting the site with her husband from Salem , Mass .
An hour later , an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City , killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people .
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies .
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8 .
The British ambassador to the United Nations , Sir Jeremy Greenstock , is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May .
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour .
This year , local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $ 282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency .
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $ 20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading .
`` He may not have been there , '' the defence official said on Thursday .
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31 , according to Driskill .
She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation .
The value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to Corel .
`` I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower , '' he said .
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members .
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel , and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence .
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately .
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon .
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system .
With Claritin 's decline , Schering-Plough 's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C , the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron .
Shares of Smithfield closed up $ 1.64 , or 8.5 percent , at $ 20.85 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents .
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships .
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer , diabetes and AIDS .
Xerox itself paid a $ 10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges .
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. ( nyse : JWN - news - people ) jumped $ 1.49 , or 9.4 percent , to $ 17.35 .
`` I figure we 've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda , the top operators of Al Qaeda , and that 's good , '' Mr. Bush said .
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles .
The new 25-member Governing Council 's first move was to scrap holidays honoring Saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall .
Al Qaeda , the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , has been linked to both cases .
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust , saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics .
Turki Nasser al-Dandani , another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large .
`` What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution , '' she said .
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said , `` Thank you so much . ''
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory .
Pat Anderson , the attorney representing the parents , Bob and Mary Schindler , declined to comment .
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann , the largest paper distributor in Europe .
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated .
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned .
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq .
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke , the company 's executive vice president and chief financial officer .
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes . ''
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N , the No . 2 computer maker , rose 41 cents , or 2.4 percent , to $ 17.29 .
`` Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one , '' Huang said .
Taher , acting against his attorney 's advice , became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case .
`` The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive , '' Medina said in a statement .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated .
`` Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products , '' said George Ahn , chief marketing officer , Tibco .
Several cities are competing for the headquarters , including Miami ; Panama City ; Atlanta ; Port-of-Spain , Trinidad ; and Puebla , Mexico .
But the Russell 2000 index , the barometer of smaller company stocks , had a weekly gain of 3.71 , or 0.9 percent , closing at 418.40 .
`` This deal makes sense for both companies , '' said National Chief Executive Brian Halla .
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen , where she was getting a glass of water , she said in an interview Tuesday .
But as more people were shot , Moose had to admit that he could n't give the public the safety it needed .
`` The longer this series goes , the better chance Dirk has to play . ''
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges , vehicles , signs , sea vessels and aircraft .
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday , killing all 75 people aboard .
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday , killing all 75 people aboard , including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan , officials said .
But the subject of oil market debate , Iraq , will not be present , an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials .
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom , where he found her .
`` With the target funds rate at 1 percent , substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted , '' he said .
Furthermore , with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent , `` substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted . ''
It was to fly a plane in the White House . ''
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu , AMD said .
Wal- Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc. , and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Rambus Inc. ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) shot up 38 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq .
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species , said Eisenberger .
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit .
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents ( U.S. ) or 2.7 per cent to $ 29.32 .
At the very long end , the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent .
As part of the changes , Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and `` satisfaction '' in its customer base .
In December 1998 , a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship .
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman 's first name - and refused to reveal it .
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18 , the day DNA testing identified the bodies .
Peterson , 30 , was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests .
The decomposed remains of 17-year-old Max Guarino of Manhattan were found floating near City Island April 25 .
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors .
The man , Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , a Comoros islander , is on the U.S. FBI 's list of most wanted suspects .
Asked about the controversy , Bloomberg said , `` I did n't see either one today , but if they 're here and wave from the side I 'll certainly wave to them .
He said it was a mistake , and he reimbursed the party nearly $ 2,000 .
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week .
Respondents who rated current business conditions as `` bad '' increased to 30.4 % from 28.1 % in June .
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate last night , but his condition was described as “ stable ” and “ comfortable ” .
One of the FBI ’ s key operatives , who had a falling out with the bureau , provided an account of the operation at a friend ’ s closed immigration court proceeding .
He added , `` I am not giving any consideration to resignation . ''
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year .
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark , the first time since December .
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December . ''
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus .
`` I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use their computers , '' said McKechnie .
Page said it 's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
Overture 's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business .
The company said that with proper funding , ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004 .
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day , '' Griffin said .
`` We do n't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors .
July Brent rose 31 cents to $ 28.39 per barrel on London 's International Petroleum Exchange .
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $ 100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday .
Also helping Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel .
`` It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation , '' said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named .
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $ 100,000 bail .
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , Nina Axelrod .
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals .
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law , but many places , including New York City , now ban smoking in bars .
`` 30 years waiting for you , '' read one banner hoisted over the crowd , as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol .
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $ 50-million ( U.S. ) earlier this year .
ATA shares were down $ 1.85 at $ 8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading .
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that .
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies , which they blame on overcrowding , poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules .
Ms Stewart , the chief executive , was not expected to attend .
Grass ' plea will leave Rite Aid 's former vice chairman and chief counsel , Franklin C. Brown , to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday .
However , George Heath , a Fort Campbell spokesman , said shortly after the attack that Akbar had `` an attitude problem '' .
`` Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world 's largest and most familiar brands , '' Mr. Heyer said .
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M , 22M , 33M , 44M and 55Mbit/sec .
`` We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment .
With a wry smile , Mr. Bush replied , `` You 're looking pretty young these days . ''
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points , or 0.3 percent , at 9,256.49 .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06 , or 0.2 per cent , at 9266.51 .
And now it 's anything he wants to say , '' Alesha Badgley , Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director , said this week .
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year 's in Texas .
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States .
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov . Gray Davis , saying it would not affect minority voting rights .
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life , they say .
We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual , '' he wrote .
The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks .
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest .
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own .
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65 , but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87 .
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February .
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3 .
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems , which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season .
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development , '' Frank Cheung , chairman of Culturecom , said in a statement .
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business .
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out , claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes .
Many compensation experts had predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place .
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7 .
Also in Mosul , rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville .
Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $ US13.15 each , said the traders , who received calls from the securities firm 's sales force .
Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made `` huge pots of , like , beans and rice with , like , meat and casseroles '' for the whole family .
Dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him .
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone .
`` As expected , second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses , '' said Robert A. Eckert , chief executive .
He added International Business Machines Corp. 's ( IBM ) endorsement of Linux has `` added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability . ''
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas .
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes , lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain .
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq , with others deployed in Afghanistan , South Korea and elsewhere .
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible .
Police arrested a `` potential suspect '' Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $ 1 million .
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called `` double jeopardy '' protections do not apply in the case .
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , Hedges drew the speech to an early close .
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush 's statement .
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away .
She said the president 's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well .
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they 're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors ' medical malpractice insurance rates .
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina , and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday .
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985 .
The stock closed Friday at $ 5.91 , down $ 1.24 , or 17 percent , on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
`` SCO has not shown us any evidence that we 've violated our agreements in any way , '' IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com .
In March , Rowland 's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts .
`` It '' s absurd , '' Funny Cide 's trainer Barclay Tagg said .
Early Wednesday , the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price , driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday .
`` United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement , '' chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement .
Minister Saud al-Faisal 's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name .
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications .
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped ; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged .
When Biggs 's body was found , authorities had no leads until four months later , when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party .
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought .
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded .
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring , the family knew it was an uneven match , Meyers said .
`` This blackout was largely preventable , '' said Spencer Abraham , US energy secretary .
November 17 's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders , who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000 .
Nearly all of Ford 's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit , which earned a net $ 401 million , up 21.5 percent .
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego counties .
The lawsuit names Shelley , a Democrat , and registrars in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego counties .
But while Microsoft 's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU 's investigation started five years ago , the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame .
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president , replacing the current rotating presidency , as well as an EU foreign minister .
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9 .
Third-quarter revenue declined to $ 36.9 billion from $ 39.3 billion , primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales .
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs .
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones , both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels , are among this year 's nominees .
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach , Va. , parking lot .
Robert B. Willumstad , 57 , Citigroup 's president , was named chief operating officer .
A second bomb , evidently carried by the other woman , did not explode ; the authorities detonated the explosives later .
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading `` CAUTION Low Flying Planes '' on a building near Ground Zero .
`` During the investigation , Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities , '' the sheriff 's office said .
Adrian Lamo , 22 , had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday , but he then had second thoughts .
Zulifquar Ali , a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the assailants first targeted the mosque 's security guards .
For the second year in a row , rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation , accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase .
`` While many good people work in the telemarketing industry , '' Bush said in prepared remarks , `` the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions .
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points , or 2.46 percent , to 1,666.58 , based on the latest data , and marking its highest close since May 23 , 2002 .
Quattrone 's action , prosecutors argue , amounted to criminal obstruction of justice .
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command ’ s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering .
About $ 250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport , where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards .
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes , orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers .
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum .
The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated `` contest '' that could disrupt Internet traffic .
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal .
Mr Kenny and the Hicks family 's American lawyer , Michael Ratner , are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal .
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually , immigration officials said .
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander , Enough and Donnie Darko .
Treasury ` s long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account .
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands .
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney , Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him .
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status , the Coast Guard said .
Roxio , which is based in Santa Clara , Calif. , would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system .
Five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel .
In interviews with engineers , most of whom have not spoken publicly until now , the lines of discord between NASA 's engineers and managers are evident .
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein 's intelligence service .
Another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker , Sandra Tapias .
`` The board did so and accepted that resignation , '' said McCall , who chaired the meeting .
`` He died doing something he loved , '' William Dusenbery , Sr. , who lives in Fairview Heights , just outside St. Louis , Mo .
The answer is clearly yes , '' said Dr. Larry Norton , deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center .
Quattrone , 47 , was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble .
Dr Mark McClean , Jonathan 's family doctor , said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions .
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus , the parent of Bergdorf Goodman ; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May .
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia ’ s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week , ahead of parliamentary elections .
Officials in Malawi said the five suspects had been on the CIA 's `` watch list '' since the twin 1998 truck bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip , she said .
No Americans were reported among the casualties , according to Capt . Michael Calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia .
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres , probably dragged by the main parachute .
Frank Partnoy , a securities law professor at the University of San Diego , said the case suggested that Merrill 's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate .
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $ 2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream Inc .
While robbery appeared to be the motive , the suspects drove off before taking anything .
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend ’ s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK .
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was `` very methodical . ''
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire .
`` We have an incredible amount of work to do , but it 's not in [ designing new ] instruction set architectures .
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment .
Fanned by the hot , dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity , major fires were raging in at least 10 places , having already burned nearly 80 937 hectares .
The condition is associated with heart disease , chronic kidney disease , blindness , and amputations .
`` The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilization , '' Powell said .
`` The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilization , '' Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today .
Since March 11 , when the market 's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October , the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent .
In September , a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory .
He characterized the hostile bid as `` atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior . ''
In March 2002 , 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem ; 34 percent used a DSL service .
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use .
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment .
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum .
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .
If convicted , Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime , Softwin said .
At the Pentagon , the Department of Defense 's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded .
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted .
On Monday , it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit .
The hot technologies -- networking , storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week .
PG & E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $ 15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday .
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq 's banned weapons to justify the war .
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court 's term ended in June , it was seen as making those efforts moot .
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem , Wolfowitz said .
In a statement later , he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short .
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $ 28 in electronic trading from the $ 26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange .
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $ 114 million on disasters , but taken in only $ 40 million in donations .
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis .
The US version will cost $ 99 for an individual licence , the same as the existing version .
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization , and IP must be licensed under reasonable , non-discriminatory terms .
In Damascus , Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges `` baseless and illogical '' .
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction .
`` Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France , '' he said .
On the upside , Coca-Cola Co. ( nyse : KO - news - people ) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday , helped by European demand .
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city 's westside .
His spokesman , Tom Parker , said Moore 's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday .
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft , Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement .
`` The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes , '' Spitzer said in a statement .
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence `` feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein 's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq .
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin , the company 's chairman and chief executive , would soon retire .
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars .
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin , Ohio .
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements .
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law .
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa , Pentagon officials said .
Sarah Weddington , the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey , could not be reached for comment .
Monday , the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape .
The report by the Justice Department 's inspector general found `` significant problems '' in the government 's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks .
Under the agreement , LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree .
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area .
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank , which sets U.S. interest rates .
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks , and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving .
Last year , Congress passed similar , though less expensive , buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program , which also dated from the Depression .
Last year , Congress passed similar , though less expensive , buyout legislation for peanut farmers , ending that Depression-era program .
`` Indeed , Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down , '' he said .
It is important for a process to be put into place , he said , that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace .
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres , with several weeks between each .
`` If I was diagnosed today with CJD , I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible .
I think there 's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really did n't deserve .
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them .
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment .
Claudia Gonzles Herrera , an assistant attorney general in charge of the case , said the arrests show that Guatemala `` takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously . ''
Gordon stressed that his bill `` is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman 's handling of the Columbia investigation . ''
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be , since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists .
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo .
`` This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation 's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation ’ s critical infrastructure assets . ''
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard 's charts for those configurations .
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine .
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts .
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week .
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours .
`` The court expects that 25 years from now , the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary , '' O'Connor wrote .
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers .
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island .
In three years , Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock , when its share price was around $ 24 , to 37th .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany 's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent .
`` We did not want to shut down , '' Lawrence Diamond , the CFO , said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him .
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris , IBM AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows .
As such , consumers want to easily enjoy this content , regardless of the source , across different devices and locations in the home , said the group .
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1 .
Fifty-seven senators , including 24 Republicans , have signed the letter .
One of the Commission 's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers ' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft 's .
`` We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts 's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims , '' Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said .
But he added : `` You ca n't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror . ''
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files .
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight ( Friday US time ) .
Missouri Gov . Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties .
According to the affidavit , Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport .
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat .
Passenger Keith Charlton , who helped tackle the man , last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant , known to passengers as Greg .
But she did n't say whether she 'll certify the two-year $ 117.4 billion budget for 2004-05 .
When a manager let him into the apartment , the youngster was in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel .
`` We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options , '' VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters .
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy .
Malvo 's attorneys mounted an insanity defense , arguing that Muhammad 's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong .
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later died , the police said .
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are `` totally comfortable '' with Dean 's positions .
But the institute says the department `` woefully underestimates '' the changes that would occur under the proposal .
A year or two later , 259 , or 10 per cent , of the youths reported that they had started to smoke , or had taken just a few puffs .
On Thursday , authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there .
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform , said Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington .
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached .
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans , Wayne Allard ( Colo. ) , Jeff Sessions ( Ala. ) and Sam Brownback ( Kan. ) .
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges .
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs .
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks .
Cindy Yeast , a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist , says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents .
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months , and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks .
`` The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilisation , '' Powell said , according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters .
The two are not related , but have referred to each other as father and son .
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman 's risk of breast cancer , a British study of more than a million women has found .
`` I will pass on to him [ Mr. Cheney ] that Canada still remains a safe , secure and reliable supply of energy , '' Mr. Klein said Sunday .
`` It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others . ''
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen , who worked on the study , said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy .
`` It 's obvious I 'm not riding as well as years past , '' Armstrong said at a news conference .
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs .
At a news conference on Staten Island , U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy .
`` When I talked to him last time , did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody ?
Slow-moving , drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday , bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers .
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001 .
He added that we are `` not going to make progress if we do n't broaden the tent . ''
Gibson said last month in a press statement that `` neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic .
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $ 1 billion to $ 2.8 billion .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points , or 0.71 percent , at 9,191.09 , according to the latest available data .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points , or 0.42 percent , to 9,165 .
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections , taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council .
Dolores Mahoy , 68 , of Colorado Springs , Colo. , is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress .
The skull is then punctured , the brain suctioned out , and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal .
`` The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else 's semen and sperm in them , not that of Mr. Bryant , '' Mackey hammered triumphantly .
Tornadoes , up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas , killing one man and destroying at least four homes .
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast .
He said : `` I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected .
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close .
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News ' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone .
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was `` evidence a body or bodies have been in this area '' .
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would `` throw a monkey wrench into the FCC 's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy . ''
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low .
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20 , 1999 .
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people , '' he told the Associated Press .
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis .
R & D spending is expected to be $ 4.4 billion for the year , as compared to the previous expectation of $ 4.3 billion .
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings , but few Balinese attended the trial .
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday , but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA .
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $ 298 , excluding taxes , the report said .
Not only is this the oldest known planet , it 's also the most distant .
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner 's Office as Melena 's brother , Angel Melena , 25 , and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano , 34 .
Dynes will get $ 395,000 a year , an increase over Atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $ 43.67 .
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition .
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
Full classes of 48 are booked through September , he said , and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January .
Sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House , creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves .
`` We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition . ''
During the fiscal second quarter , Cisco earned $ 991 million , or 14 cents a share , on sales of $ 4.7 billion .
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions .
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday , two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions .
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed .
Last month , it narrowed the range to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .
Sir Wilfred Thesiger , traveller , writer , and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet , has died aged 93 .
`` Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand , '' the statement said .
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds .
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned .
`` The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market , '' Rusty Wood , chairman of the coalition , said in a release .
`` No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern . ''
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy , but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused , fearing the treatment would stunt Parker 's growth and leave him sterile .
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships .
As a teen , he stabbed a 6-year-old boy , nearly killing him , for no apparent reason .
`` For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , '' according to extracts leaked yesterday .
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .
Gilead had earnings of $ 73.1 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with $ 20.8 million , or 10 cents , in the year-ago quarter .
Mohcine Douali , who lives in the centre of Algiers , said : `` It was a great shock .
Whether it works out , timewise , that I can march with all four ... we 'll see what happens , '' he said .
`` The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying ( a rate rise ) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds , '' Mr Macfarlane said .
But while the prime minister 's trial judders to a halt , his co-defendants in the same case are not protected .
Since it was launched , the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority .
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach , Va. , parking lot June 25 .
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events . ''
The court 's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe .
The latest quarter 's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call .
More than 60 percent of the company 's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack .
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr .
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks .
However , one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival .
Intel ’ s Xeon surpassed HP ’ s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor , rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November .
`` We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff 's claims , '' Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said .
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend .
The American military 's task is to provide the security in the meantime .
The A920 comes with a printer , scanner , and copier for $ 89 .
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time .
A $ 5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $ 19 billion of bids , investors said .
Even after he turned 94 , Lacy worked to change baseball .
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills .
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency 's legitimate financial condition as well as riders ' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession .
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years .
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc .
Last year , the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals , 4 percent on two-year leases .
South Africa has the world 's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS .
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April .
`` The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry , with specific emphasis on revenue recognition , '' Activision said in an SEC filing .
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period .
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty .
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong 's television colleagues who would speak on Monday .
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , the committee 's senior Democrat , later said the problem is serious but called Hatch 's suggestion too drastic .
`` Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure , '' Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel 's vote .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 < .SPX > eased 0.37 of a point , or 0.03 percent , at 1,121 .
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore .
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft .
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA 's annual lottery Thursday night .
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs .
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration , with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants .
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush ’ s critics were “ rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him ” .
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones , personal digital assistants and other wireless devices .
Peterson 's lawyer , Mark Geragos of Los Angeles , was quick to swipe at the testing procedure .
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available .
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing , including an animal 's skull with a nail driven through it .
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates .
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it .
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners .
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced , lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents .
Russia , along with France , China and others , advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy .
SCC argued that Lexmark was trying to shield itself from competition by installing a chip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges .
On Oct. 10 , an 18-year-old freshman member of the men 's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge .
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year 's end .
Yesterday , two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit , 175 kilometres north of the capital .
`` These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that , '' Murphy says .
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling , before a fetus could live outside the womb , the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician .
`` I think we made some mistakes with this exam , and it 's up to us to identify and correct them , '' Mills said .
And if estimates hold , it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $ 20 million each in one weekend .
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra , the Organization said .
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown , 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River .
`` Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now , '' he said during a press briefing at the hospital .
IBM stock rose $ 1.75 , to $ 84.50 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
That is evident from their failure , three times in a row , to get a big enough turnout to elect a president .
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother .
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights , but condemned in others as a violation of God 's word .
Gov . Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe 's sales activities .
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills , down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer .
Come tonight , 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school 's 143-year history .
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets .
`` If these loss reductions continue as expected , further rate reductions should be ordered . ''
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement .
Shares of AT & T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $ 21.40 , adding to the previous day 's gain of 6 percent .
AMD reported a net loss of $ 140 million for the quarter ended June 29 , on sales of $ 645 million .
`` People just love e-mail , and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing , '' said Deborah Fallows , the Pew researcher who wrote the report .
And in the Muslim world , Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero , not less of one .
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike ' as the name of our network . ''
In a major setback to consumers , a federal judge granted the government 's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada .
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history , including their construction , the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18 , the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings .
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon .
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan .
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe 's Motor Speedway .
Coupling , an American version of a hit British comedy , will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot .
Disney has repeatedly said the `` safety and enjoyment '' of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones , and wants them maintained .
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE .
On Wednesday , the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
But at age 15 , she 'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : It was time to try surgery .
`` Of course I want to win again , but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious , '' he says .
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic `` paper '' for e-newspapers and e-books , and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it .
The fawn , named after Dr Duane Kraemer , one of the researchers , was born a few months ago .
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals .
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike , Hevesi found .
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday .
As of Wednesday , there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region .
Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents , to $ 16.96 , in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
In terms of a free trade area , we 've got a long , long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that .
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be `` kind and sensitive and gentle '' to the believers who `` will not understand what you 've done here today '' .
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point , or 0.02 percent , to 1,662 .
`` This will be a marathon , not a sprint , '' said Jimmy D. Staton , a senior vice president with the utility .
`` I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago , '' Hollings said .
The cables can be engorged with far more power , and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot , making billing more accurate , Taub said .
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney 's office .
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty .
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike , saying his remarks were `` inappropriate '' .
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Wash. , accounted for $ 40 billion of the total cost .
In July , EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems ( Nasdaq : LGTO ) for about $ 1.2 billion .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index declined 6.11 , or 0.6 per cent , to 1003.27 , having shed 19.67 in the previous session .
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3 % for the month , snapping a seven-month winning streak .
Shares of Cellegy were down $ 2.04 , or 39 % , to $ 3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq . '' he told reporters .
Matthew Lovett , 18 , who just graduated from Collingswood High School , was among those arrested .
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math .
That compares with earnings of $ 446 million , or 7 cents per share , on revenue of $ 6.3 billion in the same period a year ago .
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq 's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war .
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare .
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday , according to Jackie Green , a spokeswoman for the show 's press agent .
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale .
Apple has also built a new VPN ( define ) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X , Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols .
Bush 's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop , since Sen. Ben Nelson ( D-Neb . ) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package .
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company .
Hoffa , 62 , vanished the afternoon of July 30 , 1975 , from a parking lot in Oakland County , about 25 miles north of Detroit .
The European Commission , the EU 's antitrust enforcer , is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached .
Since Perkins ' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland , UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men 's and women 's basketball and men 's soccer .
`` So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he did n't commit in order to survive , '' she told jurors .
Although Prempro pills were used in the study , the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer .
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77 , which crashed into the Pentagon .
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad , a military statement said Tuesday .
Dennehy 's family reported him missing June 19 , seven days after he was last seen on campus .
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas .
Malvo , 18 , goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin .
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank , which meets Thursday , would be welcome .
Most of that - $ 51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq , while another $ 10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne .
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car 's time .
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8 .
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64 .
A second Indonesian , Imam Samudra , the so-called `` field commander '' of the bombings , was sentenced to death last month .
`` No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing 's top series , NASCAR will need an all-star event , '' Wheeler said in a statement .
`` Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions , and recall isnt one of them , '' Davis adviser Roger Salazar said .
The news comes after Drax 's American owner , AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer .
Sylvan Shalom , the Israeli Foreign Minister , said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “ will come to this area ” .
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands , more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million .
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter .
Her birthday , 21 April , was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball .
`` Right from the beginning , we did n't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7 , Dayton said .
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro , yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures .
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1 .
Shares of the company , the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade .
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer .
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea .
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington , GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment .
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend .
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn , of Minneapolis-St. Paul , and Edwin F. O'Brien , of the Military Services , as possible candidates .
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) .
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS .
`` There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community , '' Thaksin said .
`` Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , '' Fraley said .
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals , bishops , and many elite from Italian society , witnesses said .
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
`` Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources , tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity . ''
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items .
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes .
His daughter , Nina Axelrod , told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep , apparently of heart failure .
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal 's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood 's best-known assets .
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted , her lawyer said in a statement .
`` Three Weeks in October '' goes on sale Monday , nearly a year after the Washington , D.C.-area sniper shootings started .
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt .
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys , saying : `` Thank you so much . ''
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over , '' Geer added .
Last month , 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home .
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs ' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement .
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals .
Werdegar also said Intel 's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop , which Hamidi honored .
If the subsidies are not repealed , the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States .
If the extra equity for the project can not be found , AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent .
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .
Leon Williams ' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St. , in Tompkinsville .
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $ 1 million .
Nonetheless , the economy `` has yet to exhibit sustainable growth . ''
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction , arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property .
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser , citing competition from Apple Computer 's Safari browser .
`` The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people , '' Bush told a joint news conference with Blair .
New cases of SARS might continue to appear , the authors write ominously , `` until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted . ''
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment , the company said .
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application .
It would remove $ 55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters , which are illegal under international trade law , in exchange for new tax breaks .
`` This is a cloud hanging over their credibility , their word , '' said Hagel .
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated .
The player 's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee 's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10 , the report said .
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado , where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died .
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York , Barbados and Dubai .
Taiwan ranked No . 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases .
She noted some fast-food chains , including McDonald 's , already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites .
His wife , who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission , waited in Moscow .
The announcement , which economists said was not a surprise , may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs .
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked `` that we hit the target well '' , Mr Bafana said .
Farmland Foods President George Richter said , `` With Smithfield 's support and leadership , Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it . ''
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days .
Kenneth `` Supreme '' McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland .
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer , Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general .
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex .
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas 's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people .
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan , LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business .
On Monday , the Dow declined 5.25 , or 0.1 percent , at 8,983.80 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life .
`` I know of no pressure , '' said Mr. Feith , the under secretary of defense for policy .
`` Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores , '' he said .
Paul Durousseau , 30 , was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February , and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia .
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million , while the number of active sites is nearly two million , Netcraft said .
The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected `` potential suicide bomber '' detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday .
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen 's rise against the dollar .
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head `` because Patrick had tried to shoot him , '' according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70 , or 0.8 per cent , to 1700.34 .
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress , instead of the state 's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans , officials say .
`` After careful analysis , WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal , '' Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing .
If requested by outside authorities , however , the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use .
A call to Rev . Christopher Coyne , the spokesman for the archdiocese , was not immediately returned .
The Rev . Christopher J. Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , would n't comment Friday .
`` This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas , '' Oltrogge said .
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $ 50.18 at midday yesterday .
Her father , Florin Cioaba , the king of Transylvania 's Gypsies , had her brought back and she was married against her will .
Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world 's largest financial services company , on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group .
`` Germany is on the right path , '' Mr. Schrder said , specifying his government 's announced structural reform plan , known as Agenda 2010 , and cuts in taxes .
However , the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34 .
Mr. Carter , who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year , met here today with Japan 's prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi .
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998 , alleging IBM 's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning .
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the `` Slammer '' infection to spread internally .
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now .
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business .
`` They 've been in the stores for over six weeks , '' says Carney .
OS ANGELES , Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall , the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic , bring urban vitality to the city 's uninviting downtown area ?
Let me just say this : the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community .
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK , which oversees investment into the territory , are talking to other bands to ask them to step in .
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation . . . .
`` Frank Quattrone is innocent , '' Keker said in a statement .
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent .
The stalemate , over less than 1 percent of the budget , is more about politics than policy .
Abbas told the summit he would end the `` armed intefadeh , '' renounced `` terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be '' and alluded to the disarming of militants .
Mr. Rollins made $ 721,154 in salary and $ 243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year .
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro 's launch in January 1999 .
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise .
`` The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction , '' he said of his company , formerly named Caldera Systems .
Thus far , Stewart 's company appears ready to stand behind her .
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree .
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released .
Take-Two also defended its right to create a `` realistic '' game for an adult audience .
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days .
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit , but the Government would ensure they remained viable .
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , authorities in the United States said .
There 's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .
Another $ 100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts .
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. John Warner , R-Va. , is also considering a look into the issue .
Stanford ( 46-15 ) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series .
Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-N.Y. , declared , `` The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure .
Aspen Technology 's shares dropped 74 cents , or 23 percent , to close at $ 2.48 on the Nasdaq .
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse .
Against the Canadian dollar , the greenback was trading nearly flat at C $ 1.3252 < CAD= > after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged .
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect .
Nick Markakis , a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia , went to the Orioles with the seventh pick .
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops .
But the yen 's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention , with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen .
Werdegar also said Intel 's servers were n't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop , which Hamidi honored .
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff .
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs , saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage .
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man 's identity .
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May .
The jury verdict , reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation , followed a 2 1/2 week trial , during which Waagner represented himself .
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way .
Earlier Thursday , PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle .
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor .
The 19 face charges including racketeering , conspiracy , organized fraud , grand theft and illegal drug sales , all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison .
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons , leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for .
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy .
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan , but gave no indication of when .
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises , but most of the businesses were non- operative , he said .
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah , killing an American soldier and wounding three others .
Following the ATP 's notification by Hewitt 's lawyers of pending action , it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit .
Dotson , 21 , admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head `` because Patrick had tried to shoot him , '' according to an arrest warrant released yesterday .
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga , there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come , he wrote .
The program , which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it , is invisible to the computer 's owner .
Toll , Australia 's second-largest transport company , last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail .
The specific product that is the subject of the petition , 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate , is used for general-purpose engineering , tooling and die applications .
`` We will keep fighting within the law ... against this terrorist group and those who support it . ''
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running , national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said .
Instead of remains , the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael 's blood , which he had donated to a bone marrow center .
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games .
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday 's editions of The Wall Street Journal .
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province , most of them civilians .
In Somalia , only 26 % of adolescent females ( aged 10-19 ) have heard of Aids and just 1 % know how to protect themselves .
`` Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing , '' Mr. Connolly said .
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan .
He said they should `` not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers . ''
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers , which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text .
The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen < JPY= > and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs < CHF= > .
Every day more American soldiers die .
Drinking more coffee may reduce the risk of developing the most common form of diabetes , a study has found .
A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings , said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff 's office .
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation , Blair blamed `` personal issues '' and apologized for his `` lapse of journalistic integrity . ''
`` September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly , '' said George Scalise , president of the SIA .
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest private employer , has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees , company officials said Tuesday .
He will be paid $ 395,000 per year , up from Atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy : smoking pot , chasing women and living fast and loose .
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state .
In 2001 , the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation .
Metro , bus and local rail services in France 's four largest towns -- Paris , Lyon , Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted , Europe 1 radio reported .
The contract also includes a $ 200,000 buyout .
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black 's identity .
`` The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components , '' said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz .
In the undergraduate case , Rehnquist said the use of race was not `` narrowly tailored '' to achieve the university 's asserted interest in diversity .
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery , according to a poll to be published Tuesday .
For the first quarter , HP pulled in $ 2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market .
Still , Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams ' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva .
The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya , killing 59 people .
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions .
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president 's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife 's employment at the CIA .
Mr Neil said that according to the source , the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed `` minute amounts of nuclear , chemical or biological weapons material '' .
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run .
`` In fact , I was physically sick several times at this stage , because he looked so desperate , '' she said .
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House , and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there .
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country , '' said Janet Levine .
`` In Iraq , '' Sen. Pat Roberts , R-Kan. , chairman of the intelligence committee , said on CNN 's `` Late Edition '' Sunday , `` we 're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort . ''
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug. 14 from 3.07 percent in June .
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured , television said .
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment .
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin , 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois .
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims ; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case .
The head of the panel -- Tillie Fowler , a former US representative from Florida -- told present and past commanders that cadets do n't trust them .
`` It 's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt , '' said Taylor Gross , a White House spokesman .
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away , shaken but safe , and helped lead police to her alleged abductor .
Ride , astronauts Story Musgrave , Robert `` Hoot '' Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together .
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate , where Republican moderates have refused to go above $ 350 billion .
They varied greatly , ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit .
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety .
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22 , a one day record , and 55 new cases on May 23 , making Taiwan 's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world .
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station .
In the clash with police , Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs .
Clark said the program would cost about $ 100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security .
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise , strengthening our ability to work with [ our ] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively . ''
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara 's foot .
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco , Boston , Philadelphia , Chicago , Birmingham , Cleveland , and Columbus .
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son .
PeopleSoft 's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders .
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff , a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week .
`` I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records , '' said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday .
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia .
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration , of Tampa , Fla. , does not have to share the wealth with any governments .
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured .
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County , Fla. , state attorney 's office .
`` Of course , I want to win again , but I think it 's worse when you have never won because you get anxious .
CS 's other main division , Financial Services , made a 666 million franc net profit , six percent below the prior quarter .
The answer , the group said , would be to `` create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats . ''
Committee approval , expected today , would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday .
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures .
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year 's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform .
Carlton Dotson , a teammate who lives in Hurlock , Md. , said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case .
However , disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69 , the study said .
`` Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service , '' Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .
On Monday , Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon , the officials said .
United already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets .
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “ steady ” recovery from a quad bike accident .
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $ 6.7 billion , on average .
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident , a felony .
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco , charging it with violations of the state 's consumer protection act .
Preventing stronger gains , News Corp < NCP.AX > fell 1.3 percent to A $ 12.43 and Brambles < BIL.AX > dropped 1.9 percent to A $ 4.75 after a weak performance overnight .
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country .
But he confessed : `` There 's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds . ''
Siebel , whose fortunes soared with the tech boom , has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001 .
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite .
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional .
About 22 % of twentysomethings are obese , which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight .
`` There is always a danger of casualties in something like this .
`` She was crying and scared , ' said Isa Yasin , the owner of the store .
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot .
He wants to kill him , but then I suppose I 'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man , '' he said .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
All of those governments have said their support will not waver , though public sentiment is rising against it .
All along , we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time , '' she said .
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition .
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators , Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio .
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria , whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $ 38.28 .
Veritas will offer its File System , Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year .
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003 .
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points , or 2.5 per cent , to 1666.58 .
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003 .
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified , 22-year-old female state Assembly employee .
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage .
The cards are issued by Mexico 's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth , a current photograph and the address of the card holder .
The final chapter in the trilogy , The Matrix Revolutions , is out in November .
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres .
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine .
Significantly , it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah , accused of being behind the attacks .
The MDC said a supporter , Tichaona Kaguru , died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests .
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs , said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher , who did not identify them .
`` Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country , '' Mr. Tellier said .
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons , bringing the giant planet 's total to 60 .
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight .
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil .
`` The benefit is equal for everyone , both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we 're setting up . ''
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday .
She insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia , but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting .
Garner said Iraq 's reconstruction was not as difficult as he had expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated .
It 's almost as if they ( Russians ) hit an x-mark on the ground , '' NASA spokesman Robert Navias said .
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket 's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs .
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040 .
Samudra , 33 , a textile salesman , is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve , 2000 , in which 19 people died .
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North 's nuclear ambitions .
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad , Royal Jordanian , also suspended its flights for three days .
`` I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret , '' Mr Truss said .
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers .
Bennett told Newsweek that `` over 10 years , I 'd say I 've come out pretty close to even . ''
`` It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB , '' said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas .
`` We 're going to defend these charges in court , '' said Ira Lee Sorkin , Furst 's attorney .
`` The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant 's seemingly massive fraud , '' the judge said .
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair 's cabinet of that accusation .
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program .
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals .
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident .
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .
Token-issuing framework provides capabilities that build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage trust relationships and secure conversations .
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .
`` It was to fly a plane into the White House , '' Karas said .
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts .
`` More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq .
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ( $ 6.85 ) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange .
Because of the accounting charge , the company now says it lost $ 1.04 billion , or 32 cents a share , in the quarter ended June 30 .
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share , down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents .
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far , too quickly , given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks .
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets , often accompanied by Kozlowski .
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error .
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department 's actions are fully within the law .
`` I conclude that plaintiffs have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda , '' Baer said .
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software , which was released last month .
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft ( Quote , Company Info ) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system .
`` You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , '' Limbaugh said Friday on his program .
The Foreign Office said there was a `` clear '' risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia , Somalia , Tanzania and Uganda .
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT , emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said .
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol .
PeopleSoft Inc. 's board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp. 's revised bid of $ 19.50 per share .
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice , most recently in 1991 .
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents , citing the new tax law .
Tomorrow 's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing .
Goodyear 's third-quarter earnings report , which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday , was postponed until November .
A summary of his remarks says : all the group 's savings have been lost to raids and arrests , and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money .
Under Mexican law , bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping .
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush 's allegations about Iraq 's weapons programs .
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent , the document says .
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $ 20 million to establish the registry .
About two decades ago , U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice and others decided to protect and polish what remained .
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest , but discretionary items are still weak .
France , Russia , China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy .
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year , Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday .
`` It was never our intention to sell the product , '' said Health Minister Anne McClellan , a skeptic of medical marijuana use .
But homecomings for those soldiers , as well as the division 's 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry Regiment , have now been postponed indefinitely .
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred , friends said .
In the entire fiscal year , the company lost a record $ 1.27 billion , or $ 2.11 a share , on sales of nearly $ 3.1 billion .
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23 .
`` I do n't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week , '' he said .
Obviously , I 've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things , because that 's the way I always was .
`` This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes . ''
In addition to O'Connor , Rehnquist 's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Stephen Breyer .
But he added , `` Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude , nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control . ''
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer .
They include Ask Jeeves Inc. , Global Crossing , Aether Systems , Clarent , Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux , now VA Software .
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements , also for four years , with Ford Motor Co. , DaimlerChrysler AG 's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp .
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs , the judge said .
In Kentucky , Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher .
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government 's antitrust case against Microsoft .
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals , which have not been approved .
A female attendant , 25 , was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit .
Cullen , 43 , is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center .
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores .
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion .
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted .
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted .
Financial terms of the deal , expected to close this month , were not released .
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $ 175 million in senior notes due next year .
At last week 's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush , Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be `` conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue . ''
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $ 7.15 billion , on average .
In 2001 , President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association , the largest US lender for students .
After hours of negotiations , a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead .
`` I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts , and stuff like that .
`` The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines , '' Arroyo said in a statement on Monday .
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday , as did Mills .
`` We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society , '' Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations .
Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government did n't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money .
Evacuation went smoothly , although passengers were n't told what was going on , Hunt said .
By Wednesday , the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years .
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool , Visual Studio.Net .
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months .
In February 2000 , the officers — Kenneth Boss , Sean Carroll , Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing .
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening .
Before the blast , Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb .
`` Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA , '' he said .
Since last April , scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed .
One of the company 's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers , said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert .
The state 's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .
`` We need the somebody who notices them to come forward , '' he told a news conference to introduce his successor , Brig . Gen. Mastin M. Robeson .
Under the adjusted definition , officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored .
`` The numbers are starting to change very , very quickly , '' Dr. Julie Gerberding , the CDC 's director , told a news briefing Thursday .
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $ 88 million in cash , the companies said Friday .
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion .
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities , such as recruiting demonstrators , and illegal activities , such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site .
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County , Fla. , state attorney 's office .
Even when the exchange detected violations , it often failed to take disciplinary action , the SEC said .
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets , each seating 156 passengers .
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week .
Medical investigators matched the body 's teeth to Aronov 's dental records this morning , medical examiner 's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said .
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors , riding back-to-back hits `` The Impossible '' and `` Brokenheartedsville . ''
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors , compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo .
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer , compared with 24 percent on placebo .
The compilers are available in two flavors : the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD $ 399 and is intended for application development use .
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said .
Martha Stewart shares fell $ 2.03 , about 18 percent , to $ 9.17 and were the NYSE 's biggest percentage loser .
By late Thursday afternoon , Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents , raising the possibility of a criminal indictment .
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April , according to Bloomberg data .
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun 's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications .
We 'll be listening carefully to the [ IAEA ] director general 's report at the next board meeting .
Mr . Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators .
Geoghan , 68 , was taken to Leominster Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m .
`` With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate , marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising , '' said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart .
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design , which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees .
General Myers told reporters that `` at first blush , it does n't look like any rules were broken '' .
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares , below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday .
Roberts said he did n't think excess inventory showed up in Avery 's first quarter , although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter .
In that position , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , president and CEO of EMC .
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made .
They did not nationalize them , '' Manouchehr Takin , an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London , said .
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive , it 's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy would n't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time .
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early .
BioReliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .
In 2001 , Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member , said Alexis Lukas , the program supervisor .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were `` interdependent , indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements '' .
The S & P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08 , or 1.5 per cent , the highest level since January 14 .
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital .
The trial , featuring 125 witnesses , could continue until the start of 2004 .
But price declines have remained below 30 percent , year over year , for the last two quarters , said IDC analyst John McArthur .
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $ 58 million for `` Hannibal . ''
The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month , and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January .
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
The Sars illness , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel .
The 2002 second quarter results do n't include figures from our friends at Compaq .
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York , a federal defender in California said Friday .
A man , 19-year-old Antowain Johnson , `` tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke would n't let him , '' she said .
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed , saying : `` It looks very much like an isolated event . ''
The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years , versus 12 percent inflation during the period .
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days .
Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation .
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives , but did not exchange words .
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban , officials said Wednesday .
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood 's best-known assets .
Like Viacom , GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis .
The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi , reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him .
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials .
Scruggs , who did not testify , was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care .
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress .
`` The timing of [ the miniseries ] is absolutely staggering to me , '' Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week .
As you know , East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past . ''
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage .
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union , the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music .
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it , `` More than my remembrances , this book intends to convey hers . ''
He said the district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them .
In their study , researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs .
`` We 're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America , '' Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement .
In Nigeria alone , the report said , as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition .
Global HRT sales , which are dominated by Wyeth of the US , were worth $ 3.8bn in 2001 , according to Data- monitor , the London-based market research company .
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area , Doss said .
`` I do n't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks , '' said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt .
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $ 12 billion in 2004 .
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $ 1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy .
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants , said Mike Ryan , WHO 's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts .
It names Shelley , Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack , and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants .
He reiterated Schroder 's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate .
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate 's court again on July 8 .
Four years ago , Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising .
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach , the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23 .
`` This will put a severe crimp in our reserves , '' O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters .
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February .
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message .
X2 took in $ 17.1 million for a total three-week take of $ 174 million .
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty .
But its most popular comedy , Friends , is going into its last season .
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade .
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA 's Hubble-class `` Great Observatories . ''
`` We 're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it 's the right thing to do , '' said Michael Mudd , spokesman for the Northfield-based company .
`` We 're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it 's the right thing to do , '' company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday .
Sgt . Randy Force , a police spokesman , said O'Brien was n't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking .
The book , scheduled for release next month , is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen .
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus , Syria .
`` New '' farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for `` protection '' but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife .
Albertson 's and Kroger 's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response .
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet .
`` Landing on an aircraft carrier does n't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America , '' said the senator , a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran .
Kevin Rollins , Dell 's president , received $ 770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $ 2-million in fiscal 2003 .
As part of his deal , Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation .
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq 's economic recovery .
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning , although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon .
Josephine Burke , who ran the unlicensed daycare , eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges .
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares .
Since December 2002 , Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council .
Many of the countries affected , like Colombia and Ecuador , are considered critical to the administration 's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere .
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown , on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge .
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month .
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May , it is likely to be delisted , an SFC official said .
Watson , of Whitakers , N.C. , was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives , and destruction of federal property .
`` The gloves are off , '' said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill .
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract , held with insolvent utility TXU Europe .
It 's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms .
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority .
`` We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [ touch-screen ] machines for the 2004 presidential primary , '' said Gilles W. Burger , State Board of Elections chairman .
`` They were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous , '' said the Oscar-winning film director .
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards . ''
WorldCom , brought down by an $ 11 billion accounting scandal , is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image .
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989 , Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter .
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania , but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now .
The US investment bank said : `` We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive . ''
Available in June , Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $ 900 per Windows client and $ 1,000 per Unix client for new customers .
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141 , which could carry 141 passengers and crew .
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live .
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts .
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points .
`` We disagree with the judge 's decision on notice for Engine Company 261 , '' said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo , the city 's corporation counsel .
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March .
Samuel Waksal , ImClone 's former CEO , recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud .
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism , Crime and Security Act 2001 , with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism .
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737 , which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew .
In Virginia , Mr. Kilgore , a Republican , accused the court of undermining `` Virginia 's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens . ''
The deal will combine Adobe 's Form Server , Form Designer and Reader products with IBM 's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products .
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas .
Spider-Man snatched $ 114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $ 403.7 million .
In Las Vegas , agents entered two clubs — Cheetah 's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises , an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas .
Because of the holiday period , the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today .
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment , he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted `` God is Great '' three times .
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM 's Retail Store Solutions unit , which markets and sells point-of-sale products .
`` I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want . ''
`` No , what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered , '' Bush said .
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through .
`` The difference is just something called the tuner , which is a very small piece of equipment . ''
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light , they flew directly towards the sun , presumably because they no longer had any sense of time .
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states .
In addition , David Jones will pay him $ 10 million to take over the Foodchain leases .
Tisha Kresler , a spokeswoman for Global Crossing , declined to comment .
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing .
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday , many to floods in their basements or lower floors .
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque .
Last week , the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin .
Manfred Bischoff , EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler , said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented `` excellent proposals .
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $ 125 to $ 300 in quantities of 10,000 .
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
D'Cunha said , from a science standpoint , Toronto 's last case was April 19 , so the all-clear day was actually yesterday .
They describe themselves as `` lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco '' .
A photograph of the doctor 's son , Ariel , holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison 's death .
A picture of the doctor 's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died .
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq , where it was one of the top percentage losers .
Before completion , the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings .
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines , when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers .
`` Based on that review , I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced , '' said Falcon in a statement .
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $ 32.30 .
Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet , federal officials warned Monday .
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center , police said .
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell 's personal and financial affairs , Campbell has acknowledged .
For the full 12-month period ending June 30 , advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent .
On Sunday August 3 , the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire .
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures .
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation , the boys were separated Sunday at Children 's Medical Center of Dallas .
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors , potentially for years , until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved .
`` The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution , together with copyright , antitrust and export control laws , '' SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing .
Police searched Tanzi 's home near Parma on Wednesday , and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country .
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
Last year , Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles .
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble , building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq , the military said .
Xerox shares closed at $ 11.45 , up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange .
At midday Saturday , automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood , a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter .
Southwest , the largest U.S. discount airline , said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items .
Both companies automate many channels , though XM has some live programming , and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews .
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million members , is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion .
That means that if the planet is in a season , it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years .
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage , and they have high hopes that Massachusetts ' supreme court will take a similar step soon .
Excluding food and energy costs , the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month , compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July .
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare , the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron .
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people .
Voyager 2 , also launched in 1977 , lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1 .
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan .
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India .
A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national `` do-not-call '' list , just days before it was to take effect , saying the agency that created it lacked the authority .
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .
A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York , a federal defender in California said Friday .
New York City will get an estimated $ 182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year , compared with last year 's $ 125.4 million .
Under state law , DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted .
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday .
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6 , the royal family 's coroner announced overnight .
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia .
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon , accompanied by the Rev . Thaddeus Malanowski , a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly .
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat .
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed 's next meeting on June 24-25 .
The company had an operating loss of $ 56.7 million in the first half of 2003 .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > jumped 118 points , or 1.36 percent , to 8,829 .
`` In 1980 , 6 % of children aged six to 18 were overweight , '' he said .
He could get six to seven years in prison , plus fines .
In the total external disk storage system market , revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter , to $ 3.2 billion .
`` We have found the smoking gun , '' board member Scott Hubbard said .
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly , researchers have found .
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues .
In hardest-hit Taipei , traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets , ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet .
In a statement , Lee said he `` no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV . ''
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal and Spain .
`` Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them , '' Grella said .
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed .
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court , the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals .
The court today reversed the decision of that court , the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit .
In 1999 , Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state .
Just across a river , St. Joseph has trendy restaurants , boutiques , offices and a picturesque beachfront .
That client component , the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0 , is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday .
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system , an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about .
But in Palestine , her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington , residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch .
Justices Stephen Breyer , Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed .
Cool , moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes .
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients , a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei .
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts ' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April .
The board 's final report , expected in late August , will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts , Gehman said .
Treasury prices rose slightly , sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday .
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year .
Earlier , he told France Inter-Radio , `` I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic . ''
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles , publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday .
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland , which made high-performance graphics computers .
He said there was no indication , so far , that Gehring used his card for hotels , motels or other overnight stops .
That fire devastated timber on the reservation , while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities .
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises ' LF.N LeapPad books , Hasbro Inc. 's HAS.N Beyblade starter set , and MGA Entertainment 's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share .
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book , making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history .
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday .
The show 's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny .
`` A lot of these are made-up stories , '' Schwarzenegger told NBC television .
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November .
Chances were , he said more than a week ago , he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit .
Compared with the same quarter last year , Cisco earned $ 729 million , or 10 cents a share , on revenue of $ 4.82 billion .
He adds : `` She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room . ''
In the interview , Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen , where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning .
Jackson , 45 , posted a $ 3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas , where he is filming a music video .
`` We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks , '' she said .
The intelligence service , headed by Fujimori 's spy chief , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of torture , drug trafficking and disappearances .
Mr. Soros branded Mr . Snow 's policy shift a `` mistake . ''
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday .
Rashidi Ahmad , 33 , was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives , near Franklin Boulevard .
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq .
It 's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound .
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks , homeland security officials announced Tuesday .
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi 's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over .
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA , the agency said Tuesday .
Gov . Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $ 1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9 .
Over the weekend , NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet .
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air , armed with the stakes .
On Wednesday , Judge Pollack dismissed another case , this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm 's Global Technology Fund .
Congress twice passed partial birth bans , but former President Bill Clinton ( news - web sites ) , citing the need for a health exception , vetoed both measures .
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid .
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby , Doyle said .
At another point , Mr. Bush said : `` The choice was up to the dictator , and he chose poorly .
Two hours earlier , they had recovered the body of Melissa Rogers , 33 , of Liberty , Mo .
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 .
President Bush called the blackout `` a wake-up call '' for Americans about the nation 's outdated power grid .
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military , his mother said .
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military .
The main change , said Jim Walton , CNN 's president , is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news .
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail , the Minister for Communications and Information Technology , Senator Richard Alston announced today .
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child 's suicide .
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer .
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth .
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case .
`` You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , '' Limbaugh , 52 , said during a stunning admission aired nationwide .
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack , the ambassador acknowledged .
The indictment `` strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world , '' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez .
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting , the consortium said in the statement .
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months , about half of those in the last three weeks .
`` The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role , '' said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement .
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday , some for charges not related to the casino brawl .
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans .
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com . Maxs is www.tuckermax.com .
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts , money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space .
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte , I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice .
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960 .
We think they have the right to choose .
Pressed for details , Mr Warner said : `` All six of them are dead , we were told by Harold and his group '' .
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap `` multitool '' -type knife , made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock .
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as `` RPCSDBOT . ''
`` I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism , '' he replied .
A draft statement , obtained by Reuters on Friday , stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran 's programme raised `` serious concern '' .
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way , he said .
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons .
South Asia follows , with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female .
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases .
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a `` terrorist attack . ''
This is what Dr. Dean said : `` I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks .
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator ' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest .
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence .
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety .
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you . ''
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $ 1.70 per share .
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen , Memory Stick expansion slots .
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most -- performers who have a hard time lining up work .
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad , who Israel believes is held by Iran .
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003 .
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities .
Despite such optimism , Taiwan 's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month .
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims `` have shown , albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida . ''
He 'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January .
Washington is wary of involvement , given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq .
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling .
Belcher said the airport 's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water .
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence .
`` Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress , '' Rice said in reference to Iraq .
However , prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards , though Fine said his inquiry is not finished .
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only `` in limited circumstances . ''
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada 's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access .
Some of the company 's software developers will join Microsoft , but details have n't been finalized , said Mike Nash , corporate vice president of Microsoft 's security business unit .
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting , and will not endorse a replacement candidate .
In 1999 , NIST found , the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches .
Mr Annan said terrorism `` will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it '' .
`` He did a bad job going up there , '' Mr. Villalona said .
The German financial regulator , BaFin , may prove critical of WestLB 's risk assessment .
An Associated Press report is included .
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board , through there reportedly will be between one and three .
Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight , hoping to disrupt their evacuation .
`` They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future .
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S. , Canada and South Korea .
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons , but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications .
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads .
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart .
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler 's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp. , which led the fight for his ouster .
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards , rather than by a lengthy election process .
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians ' rights to speak freely with their patients .
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action `` at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship , '' he said .
It has also been revealed the boy 's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past , winning a $ 165,000 settlement in one case .
Dr Blix said : `` I do n't know exactly how they calculated this figure .
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21 .
Mitchell , Man of La Mancha , Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya , Movin ' Out , complete the field .
Tom Kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the Canton , Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday : `` The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient . ''
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America , said Kisber .
Drewes and a friend were playing a game of `` ding-dong-ditch '' -- ringing doorbells and running away -- in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton .
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined .
That risk , described as minor , remains `` the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , '' the statement released after the Fed meeting said .
But right now it looks manageable , '' Gehman told reporters .
Russian Yuri Malenchenko , American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT .
Fasting glucose was 142 mg/dL on average for those given usual care , compared with 129 mg/dL in the group given specialized care ( P < .01 ) .
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act .
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $ 1.31 for the fiscal year .
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe .
Police spokesman Brigadier-General Edward Aritonang confirmed that another two men had been arrested yesterday , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang in central Java .
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $ 4 and $ 11 a week from July 1 .
`` I can tell you that it 's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM . ''
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia .
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision , but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon .
BofA said yesterday it had `` policies in place that prohibit late-day trading '' .
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $ 200 million more in incentives .
Viacom 's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee .
The American troops , who also defend the mayor 's compound , have been attacked on two separate occasions .
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan .
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers .
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August .
In January , Georgia 's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to `` assume effective leadership over the peace process . ''
If you 're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media , you are wrong .
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers .
In Canada , Tim Hortons ' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent .
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary .
The hearing , expected to last a week , will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial .
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. ISPH.O tumbled $ 2.17 , or 13.4 percent , to $ 13.98 .
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone .
Wal-Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc. , and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
On Sunday , a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded .
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati 's assassination .
Maddox , 87 , cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery , Virginia Carnes said .
Mr Adams , managing director , will become chief executive on January 1 .
`` Really , this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City , '' Mr. Silver said .
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people , military officials said .
`` I am responsible for the approval process in my agency , '' he said in Friday 's statement .
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill 's assets and has frozen more than $ 13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed .
The $ 250 million expansion will boost Nissan 's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $ 2.75 billion .
The document , headlined Information for Health Care Professionals , warns of potential panic attacks , psychosis and convulsions .
In Europe , France 's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany 's DAX index gave back 1 percent .
On a positive note , C & W 's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion .
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order .
Speaking for the first time yesterday , Brigitte 's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried .
`` Our policies are well-known , and I 'm not aware of any changes in policy '' on Iran , Powell said .
`` Here 's what happened : I go to their Web site and start complaining to them , would you please , please , please stop bothering me , '' he said. ``
Experts say they think better treatment , including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen , as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement .
`` He wasnt like that , except for getting in a couple fights with his dad .
`` Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies , close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism . ''
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards .
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet .
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted .
State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger , and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban .
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees , and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday .
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003 , up from expectations of 7.2 per cent .
After more than two years ' detention under the State Security Bureau , the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing 's No . 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday .
Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes .
General Huweirini , who has worked closely with the US , was wounded in the shooting on December 4 , US officials said .
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate .
Mr Russell , 46 , a coal miner from Brisbane , said : `` They are obviously hurting , so we are basically going over there to help them . ''
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 , but has not ruled out a race in later years .
Other recall suits are pending in federal court .
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $ 10 billion- $ 15 billion .
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son , whose body was found in a pond near the family home .
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson 's worm , Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said .
In Ventura County , the number of closings and advisories dropped by 73 percent , from 1,540 in 2001 to 416 last year .
It held elections in 1990 , but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi 's party won .
The findings appear in next Friday 's Physical Review Letters .
In Washington , the federal government remained closed for a second day .
Aquila is short of cash , and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments .
The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone , the London Mayor , claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital .
In the evening , he asked for six pizzas and soda , which police delivered .
For the full 12-month period , high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent .
Even her request , decades later , to attend her father 's funeral on the island was denied .
Paul Durousseau , 30 , was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February , and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing .
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures .
`` We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11 . ''
`` We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of ... Sept . 11th . ''
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 11.14 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.41 . ''
In 2002 , spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent , the study .
This decision would `` throw a monkey wrench into the FCC 's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy , '' he said .
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away .
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent , respectively .
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern .
For the week , the Russell 2000 , the barometer of smaller company stocks , advanced 11.92 , or 2.5 percent , closing at 497.42 .
In Chatsworth , 52km north-west of Los Angeles , residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings .
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days , but stayed that order pending Moore 's appeal to the 11th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals .
Her 92-year-old husband is now severely debilitated by Alzheimer 's disease .
Daniels said he does n't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser .
In May , Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown .
To the caller who claimed to have found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia : NASA is extremely interested in talking to you , `` no-questions-asked '' .
Also , hospital efforts to start `` fever clinics '' in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are `` moving along impressively , '' Dr. Roth said .
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan .
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site ( www.irs.gov ) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments .
`` I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman , codify that , '' he said .
That 's one reason why I 'm running to be president , '' he told a rally in New Hampshire .
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court .
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda , the relationship `` may be less one of subservience ... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance '' .
He told the jury Stubbs is a `` cold , calculating killer . ''
Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry a day later , and six Cubans face trial in Key West in December over a March plane hijacking .
Helen Sharkey , 31 , and Gene Foster , 44 , pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud .
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight , Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity .
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men .
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets .
He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year 's fire north of Mount Lemmon .
Iraqi officials say the attacks are being carried out by what they call outsiders who slip into Falluja and attack at night .
GM 's offering is also expected to include about $ 3.5 billion in convertible securities .
At about 3 p.m. on Friday , a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide .
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children 's clothes area , adding salt-water fish tanks and activities .
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries .
Yesterday , Taiwan reported 35 new infections , bringing the total number of cases to 418 .
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year .
Additionally , early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7 .
He said that it would be `` very difficult '' to establish a cause of death .
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror .
Once identified , remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park , a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan .
It ’ s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort ” .
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list , which was to take effect Oct. 1 .
By comparison , the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400 .
`` We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration , '' Reed said in a letter to the NYSE 's 1,366 members .
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws , so there will not be an increase in smog , the administration argues .
`` The fire calmed down considerably overnight , then it rained , '' said Andy Lyon , spokesman for the fire south of the city .
Earlier this month , Bremer called off a visit here , a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue .
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner , senior vice president of Microsoft 's Server Platform Division .
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests ' personnel files .
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed .
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire , Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court .
`` We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals , '' she said in the statement .
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue , which has been of serious concern to US , Australian and British intelligence officers .
Judge Craig Doran said it was n't his role to determine if Hovan was `` an evil man '' but maintained that `` he has committed an evil act . ''
Doctors have speculated that the body 's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $ 40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation .
Indeed , prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States .
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry 's limited scope and advancing that interest .
The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month .
The tone was set by President Hu , the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year .
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei .
After that process is completed , it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center , Day said .
Smith said simply `` Oh , my God , '' in the seconds afterward , according to Weinshall .
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue , allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others .
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month .
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study , the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire .
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip .
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer .
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring .
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang .
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon .
`` We do n't have new places to check , '' said Steve Anderson , a Waco public-information officer .
`` It 's a terrible tragedy , people who were on the way home , all of a sudden , taken from us , '' Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference .
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book , especially those that reported on leaks from investigators .
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers ' violent goals .
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a `` building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat . ''
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine .
No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs .
India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir , its only Muslim-majority state .
However , several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself .
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars .
`` This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois , every town , every city , every citizen , '' Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare .
It will be followed in November by a third movie , `` The Matrix Revolutions . ''
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases , meaning access to justice could be denied .
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant .
Three no votes would kill it for now .
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading .
Selenski 's partner in the jailbreak , Scott Bolton , injured his ankle , pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt , Warden Gene Fischi said .
Before Sunday , 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year , according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise .
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as `` one of the most important Muslim nations .
Naim al-Goud , mayor of Hit , said people from outside his region were `` doing this sabotage against the lines .
During the flight , engineers misjudged the extent of the damage , and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor .
The woman , Mary Kathryn Miller , 55 , was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny .
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field , an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise .
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year .
Druce will face murder charges , Conte said .
`` We 're a quiet , peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens , '' said Carolyn Greene Bennett , Cedar Grove 's town recorder .
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .
Three retailers Dillards Inc. , Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs .
It 's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks : set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism .
`` Of course I want to win again but I think it 's worse when you 've never won , because you are so anxious to win . ''
The operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .
My decision today is not based on any one event . ''
As envisioned by Breaux , the government would help pay for the first $ 3,450 in prescription drug costs .
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic .
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto 's board of directors , the company said in a statement .
With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market , `` people are going to be sorry if they did n't buy a PDA with Bluetooth , '' he said .
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today .
`` Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is , but because of what she did , '' Comey said .
Nelson,27 , is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum 's death .
Asked about other possible attacks , Roberts said : `` I do n't think there 's any question about it that . . . they 're going to be very global in nature .
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals , and the New Jersey Nets do n't want to try their luck at such a daunting task . ''
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up .
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite , 62 , on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight .
Handset market share for the second quarter , it said , is higher than the first quarter .
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .
By contrast , the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs , with a $ 275 deductible each year .
Canada wo n't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete , Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday .
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May , aiding rate cut expectations .
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes .
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents , Ed and Lois Smart .
Palm expects to move Handspring 's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas , Calif .
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts .
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
Normally , congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census .
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike .
Two of Collins ' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated , he said Friday .
Food and Drug Administration ( news - web sites ) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft 's initiative could start an important trend .
Now , for the first time , those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call .
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city , 30 miles west of Baghdad .
Dan Powers , vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp. , says he 's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers .
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. ( CST ) , hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms .
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling , officials said .
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus , the nasty little germ that causes colds .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft 's ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) Windows Mobile software , the mobile operator said .
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for , on average , revenue of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle 's $ 5.1 billion bid as `` atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour '' .
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer , and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Peterson , a former fertilizer salesman , is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying .
In a landmark ruling yesterday , the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov . George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30 , 2004 .
Dealers said the single currency 's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $ 1.15 .
Dealers said the single currency 's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $ 1.15 .
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan , not to those supporting the nation 's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone .
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez , the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza .
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process , and has lost 17 kilograms since October .
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system .
On Monday , a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here , killing a security guard as well as himself .
The company claims it 's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date .
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching , state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open .
The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II , which averaged 11 months .
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night .
On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey , Iraqi , U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment .
`` We 're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good , '' said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
`` Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result , '' she said .
Rescue workers arriving to February 's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene , as people trapped in the club 's doorway screamed for help .
Detectives told Deasean 's father , Stelly Chisolm , a college student , and mother , Kimberly Hill , of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended .
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent , from $ 1.50 to $ 2 , on May 4 , while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1 .
Atlanta 's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year .
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses , neither of which is currently available under the government-run program .
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches .
Notes : Cabrera , at 20 years , 63 days , is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins .
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier .
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear .
U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox 's claim was `` wholly without merit , both factually and legally . ''
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999 , when a grand jury began investigating Silvester .
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band , and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption .
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos , which means `` astounding swimmer with a large penis '' .
Oracle shares were also higher , trading up 12 cents at $ 13.60 .
The company must either pay NTP the $ 53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal , Mr. Wallace said .
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket .
`` The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it 's grotesque , '' said Wyden .
`` I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks , '' Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire .
Without the fleet , NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory .
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1 .
Another piece would be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing , Conte said .
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs .
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday , but found no sign of them , said Stuart Smith , the Chatham harbormaster .
A total of 32 U.S. soldiers have been killed in attacks since May 1 , when President Bush declared the end of major hostilities in Iraq .
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager .
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty .
Doctors say one or both boys may die , and that some brain damage is possible if they survive .
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia .
The agency could not say when the tape was made , though the voice says he is speaking on June 14 .
PeopleSoft , of Pleasanton , California , said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings , excluding amortization and other items .
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour .
Cmdr . Rod Gibbons , an academy spokesman , said , `` The academy is shocked and saddened .
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life , free of cardiovascular disease .
`` We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place , '' declared Rep. Major Owens ( D-Brooklyn ) .
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again .
In a conference call with reporters , RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves .
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $ 1.4bn by 2005 , while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent .
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers .
The results were released at Tuesday 's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday 's New England Journal of Medicine .
Music mogul Simon Cowell 's latest project , a reality TV dating show called Cupid , airs in the US on Wednesday .
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams 's half of the women 's draw .
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times .
On the cell 's surface , the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it .
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Ca n't Believe It 's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year .
`` We 're pleased with the judge 's decision , '' said Mark Herr , spokesman for Merrill Lynch .
Deasean and Walker , a resident of nearby Barbey Street , were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center , where they died about 6 p.m. , O'Brien said .
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders ' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages , the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday .
Blair 's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union .
Mr Goh on his part , described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation .
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .
`` This blackout was largely preventable , '' U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report .
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol ( sacred in Iowa ) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska 's wildlife refuge .
`` There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber 's house up in the hills , '' Baker said .
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994 .
`` The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability . ''
Charles O . Prince , 53 , was named as Mr. Weill 's successor .
What 's more , Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010 .
State Sen. Vi Simpson , former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination .
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment .
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics ( OIE ) , which establishes animal-health standards for the world .
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church , the pope 's top aide has told Reuters .
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful , notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross , which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners .
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades , mortars , and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings .
HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain , dropped $ 2.21 , or 5.8 percent , to $ 36.14 .
They said they were not advocating the changes yet , but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members .
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand , and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt .
In 2001 and 2002 , wire transfers from 4 of the company 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion , prosecutors said .
Elsewhere , European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs .
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq , now held at a secret location by the United States .
`` Prime Minister Abbas , we are facing a new opportunity today , a better future for both peoples , '' Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday 's meeting .
Random testing of security procedures should also take place .
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states .
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic , therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax , botulism , tularemia , hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague .
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding .
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition , PeopleSoft 's shares dropped during yesterday 's trading , decreasing $ 1.42 to close at $ 14.97 .
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet .
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship .
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S & P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May .
P & G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor .
Under the NBC proposal , Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC 's broadcast network , Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo .
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon .
`` His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one , '' MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said .
Already , the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region .
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis .
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street .
Chi-Chi 's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease .
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors ( DRAMS ) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc .
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings , investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher .
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $ 19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him .
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers .
In an interview , Healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $ 120,000 .
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $ 11,000 per call .
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it .
Immediately after the blast , people portraying some of the 150 `` victims '' stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene .
`` This is , I think , a very seminal moment in our agency 's history , '' Mr O'Keefe said .
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women .
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States .
He said that in early December , immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government 's computerized `` watch lists . ''
They also said the rule will make the nation 's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week 's massive power blackout .
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project , a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms .
Yesterday , this honor was given to Firefighter Thomas C. Brick , who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse .
In the settlement , Tyrer agreed to pay $ US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $ US342,195 in interest , the SEC said .
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor .
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord .
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act .
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18 , which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that 's dragged on for years .
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore , where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans .
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state 's congressional delegation .
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation .
According to the survey , last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $ 48 billion and consumer victims reported $ 5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses .
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices .
Peterson , 27 , was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas .
At present , the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network .
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union 's ban on new genetically modified crops .
A federal appeals court yesterday reinstated perjury charges against a San Diego student accused of lying about his association with 9/11 hijackers .
Kerr , who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90 's and one with the Spurs in 1999 , finished with 12 points , 3 assists and 2 rebounds .
Another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker , the Sandra Tapias .
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was `` considering its options '' over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary .
Most economists had expected a more dire report , with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months .
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997 .
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey , 64 , died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer .
Instead , bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing , either in speeches or through the press .
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth .
In a series of raids , Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday , including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group , a senior official said .
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects , including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group , a government official said .
Novelist Michael Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his wife , whose body was found in a pool of blood at the bottom of a staircase in their home .
Allied forces have overthrown the government , moved into Saddam Hussein 's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital .
They went into the operations of their own free will , '' their father Dadollah Bijani said .
The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent .
`` Imagine that in someone 's fucking brain , '' Klebold said .
`` Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish , '' he said .
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television .
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty .
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor .
`` The question that has to be penetrated is , how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation ? ''
Cindy Cohn , legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders .
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC , Palm OS , Symbian , and Linux .
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut 's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent .
Meanwhile , law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County , Fla. , where Limbaugh owns a $ 24 million mansion , said his drug use is under investigation .
State Rep. Ron Wilson , D-Houston , joined committee Republicans in voting for the map .
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways , officials said .
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies , create jobs , improve productivity and stimulate the nation 's growth and development . ''
But software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
The dividend , the company 's second this calendar year , is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17 .
In a statement , Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17 .
Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish , Conte said .
Under the final tax bill , most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008 .
A grassy field and asphalt island , topped with an ATM , sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing , tinkered with cars and even built toys .
King , brand-name writer , master of the horror story and e-book pioneer , is receiving this year 's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters .
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church , Frank T. Griswold III , declined , through a spokesman , to comment on the development Saturday .
IAC 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa .
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .
The industry is working with the FDA `` to get firm answers and not just speculation , '' he told Reuters Health .
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget .
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act .
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent , said Dr Leo Bossaert , executive director of the European Resuscitation Council .
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
The steel tariffs , which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002 , will officially end at midnight , instead of March 2005 as initially planned .
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector .
Imam Samudra , 32 , is accused of being the `` field commander '' of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people , mostly tourists .
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications .
Dusenbery 's fiancee , Jessica Wheat , said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career .
Jack Ferry , company spokesman , said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status .
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was `` in the hands of the negotiators '' .
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools . ''
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $ 180.9bn next year , followed by a 5.8 in 2005 .
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son .
U.S. stocks fell , led by computer-related shares , after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter .
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a `` cooling period '' between special sessions , which could give the Democrats some time at home .
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers , who turned 62 yesterday , to be fully exonerated at trial .
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they 're cooperating with his investigation .
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project , but the report is still two weeks away .
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been .
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs .
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state , federal , and private dollars .
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hands still taped together but his feet free .
The companies uniformly declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover , saying they will release those figures only when they report overall company performance at year-end .
Business Week 's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday .
Nonetheless , the open-source guru insisted , `` This attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals . ''
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI 's emergence from bankruptcy .
`` This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage , '' said Hubbard , a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board .
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , Vincent ’ s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile ( 30 km ) long Disraeli Fjord .
Instead , tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster .
On Wednesday , a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint .
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years .
Yesterday 's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents , he said , but there is more to be done .
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington .
The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial , during which Waagner represented himself .
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials .
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund .
Both figures were below consensus expectations , but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain , fueling a dollar rally .
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement .
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries .
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing .
At first , the animals ’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick .
Lucent 's stock was off 7 cents , or 3.7 percent , at $ 1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
`` Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans , '' he said in Washington .
In an editorial in the journal , two breast cancer researchers said hormones ' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is `` almost unique '' in medicine .
After a tense stand-off , the battlewagon turned back .
Ten , two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder .
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps ( bits per second ) within the next two years , a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday .
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned , the UN said on its Web site .
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield .
Only Intel Corp. 's 0.3 percent yield was lower .
Powell 's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating , by saying an officer ordered that the area be `` cleared out . ''
PBL 's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia 's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82 , or 0.9 percent , to 1,861.52 .
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq . ''
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18 , hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes , the newspaper said .
`` The company has always made , and continues to make , exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority , '' the statement said .
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents ( U.S. ) or 3.46 per cent to $ 16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10 .
`` Oh , it 's never fun to be No 4 , especially if you 've been No 1 before .
It consisted of eight blacks , two Guyanese and two whites .
In the 1990 's , the board found , budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program 's safety margins .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points , or 1.36 percent , to 8,829 .
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state , Free State Project organizers say .
On Friday , every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters .
The jury verdict , reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation , followed a 2 week trial , during which Waagner represented himself .
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail , the telephone and visitors .
The updated 64-bit operating system , Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems , will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations .
`` This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation 's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation 's critical infrastructure assets . ''
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue , which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset , '' the company statement said .
It 's happened five times in the last 11 years : A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season .
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine .
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency 's `` 10 Most Wanted '' list alongside Osama bin Laden .
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general 's office .
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .
`` They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document , '' said the official , referring to the section that contained the State Department 's dissent .
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms , and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined .
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , the American Cancer Society journal , being published online today .
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others , police said .
Congo 's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa .
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened .
The company emphasized that McDonald 's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald 's use in the United States .
The S & P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains .
Two years later , the insurance coverage would begin .
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors .
After all , China is n't racing anyoneso there 's no great rush , '' Clark said .
Additionally , the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up , manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server .
Gregory Parseghian , a former investment banker , was appointed chief executive .
Furthermore , Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1 .
Holders of paper bonds will be able , though not required , to convert to electronic accounts .
Labor 's Julia Gillard said it was a `` major failure of coastal surveillance '' .
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak , said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge .
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books .
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients .
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates .
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT & T could be a takeover target .
Paul Themba Nyathi , an MDC spokesman , said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying .
`` These are dark days for our industry , '' Giovanni Bisignani , director general of the Geneva-based organization , said in a statement .
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995 .
After consulting with experts , he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with `` L '' Pod , his family .
Today in the US , the book - kept under wraps by its publishers , G. P. Putnam 's Sons , since its inception - will appear in bookstores .
Microsoft favors setting up `` independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines , certify senders who follow the guidelines , and resolve customer disputes . ''
`` The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors , '' he said .
The interview , which also focuses on Schwarzenegger 's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder , was reprinted this week on the website http : //www.smokinggun.com .
Trevor Fetter , who returned to Tenet as president last November , has been appointed as acting CEO , the company said .
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan .
The 3 { hours of recordings include conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo , who goes on trial Nov. 10 , were arrested Oct. 24 , 2002 , at a Maryland highway rest stop .
Thursday , Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support .
`` The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize , '' said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet .
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology ' .
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter , jumping from 40 to 55 .
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from `` two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes . ''
The company reported that it terminated Sequent 's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux .
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan 's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates .
The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels , spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said .
Mr Martin said the company is `` cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003 '' .
`` It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans , '' she said .
`` Please , keep doing your homework , '' said Bavelier , the mother of three .
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis , he can not expect such a warm welcome .
`` Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it 's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided , '' Mr Howard told Sydney radio .
`` The message is : If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot , they should n't wait .
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative , but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children .
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection .
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent .
`` At this point , Mr. Brando announced : 'Somebody ought to put a bullet ' '' through her head , the motion continued .
`` We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates , '' Duisenberg said .
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC .
PCCW 's chief operating officer , Mike Butcher , and Alex Arena , the chief financial officer , will report directly to Mr So .
The world 's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected .
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( news - web sites ) , there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002 .
The settling companies would also assign their possible claims against the underwriters to the investor plaintiffs , he added .
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus , the health department said Friday .
Moseley and a senior aide delivered their summary assessments to about 300 American and allied military officers on Thursday .
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
The increase reflects lower credit losses and favorable interest rates .
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks ' Rhapsody music service .
Evidence suggests two of the victims were taken by surprise , while the other two might have tried to flee or to defend themselves or the others , police said .
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation `` points to a group that has been arrested recently '' , an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist .
`` I 'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great 'Sopranos ' saga , '' HBO chairman and chief executive Chris Albrecht said .
The two had argued that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health .
`` There 's no reason for you to keep your skills up , '' the judge told the convicted crack cocaine kingpin .
Still , he said , `` I 'm absolutely confident we 're going to have a bill . ''
`` Senator Clinton should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with the important issue of homeland security funding , '' he said .
Federal agents said yesterday they are investigating the theft of 1,200 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell 's suggestions and projects .
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison .
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians , O'Connor was born on Aug. 28 , 1925 , in Chicago and was carried onstage for applause when he was three days old .
Ricky Clemons ' brief , troubled Missouri basketball career is over .
Dynes will get $ 395,000 a year , up from Atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
Snow 's remark `` has a psychological impact , '' said Hans Redeker , head of foreign-exchange strategy at BNP Paribas .
`` The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its UK business , '' Cicutto added .
In a statement , Mr. Rowland said : `` As is the case with all appointees , Commissioner Anson is accountable to me .
Taha is married to former Iraqi oil minister Amir Muhammed Rasheed , who surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28 .
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales .
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women , aged 16 and 18 .
On July 22 , Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court .
`` They were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body , '' said Chris Butler , who lives across the street .
Nicholas is the uncle of Louima , the Haitian immigrant who was sexually tortured by NYPD cops in 1997 .
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester .
`` Just sitting around in a big base camp , knocking back cans of beer , I do n't particularly regard as mountaineering , '' he added .
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly , daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren .
It exploded in his hands , but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt .
Now , with the agency 's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster , that wait could be even longer .
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan .
`` These documents are indecipherable to me , and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere , '' the lawyer said .
Another body was pulled from the water on Thursday and two seen floating down the river could not be retrieved due to the strong currents , local reporters said .
Those reports were denied by the interior minister , Prince Nayef .
Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities , and many of the arrests of key al-Qaida operatives have taken place in those areas .
`` Our decision today is quite limited , '' the judges stated in their opinion .
The woman had agreed to testify after receiving immunity protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy 's honor code .
Under terms of the deal , Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock .
`` Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized , and the outlook remains bright , '' bureau CEO Greg Stuart says .
Kingston also finished with 67 after producing six birdies on the back nine .
`` At least two of them were supposed to be in positions of leadership for the younger boys .
Ms Lafferty 's lawyer , Thomas Ezzell , told a Kentucky newspaper : `` My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen .
Its Canadian operations only buy beef from facilities that are federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency .
While there were about 700 Uruguayan UN peacekeepers in Bunia , they were `` neither trained nor equipped '' to deal with inter-ethnic violence , Mr Eckhard said .
Shares of Coke were down 49 cents , or 1.1 percent , at $ 43.52 in early trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
If people took the pill daily , they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent , the scientists claim .
Amgen shares gained 93 cents , or 1.45 percent , to $ 65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq .
From the start , however , the United States ' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government .
Customers that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses .
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http : //messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp .
The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen 's bedroom at Buckingham Palace .
The network is also dropping its Friday night `` Dateline '' edition .
`` I 'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier , '' James said .
The others were ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [ RABN.UL ] .
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation .
Rich media doubled its share , increasing from 3 % in Q2 2002 to 6 % in Q2 2003 .
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend .
Don Asper called the attack `` bothersome , '' before he and his wife contacted the firm 's Web site provider to replace the vandalized page .
York had no problem with MTA 's insisting the decision to shift funds had been within its legal rights .
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million .
In his speech , Cheney praised Barbour 's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee .
If the magazine lost more than $ 4.2 million in a fiscal year , O'Donnell would be allowed to quit .
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance , they say .
During her two days of meetings , Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a `` terrorist organisation '' .
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships -- about twice the ships it has today .
We are piloting it there to see whether we roll it out to other products .
This issue is unlikely to be resolved until lawmakers return from their summer recess in early September .
`` We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration , '' Mr. Reed said in his letter .
Judge Gerald W. Heaney , in dissent , said the authorities should have allowed the prisoner to be medicated without the consequence of execution .
She asked to be excused from last week 's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda .
The jury asked for transcripts of Quattrone 's testimony about his role in the IPO allocation process .
I have no doubt whatever that the evidence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction will be there .
Albertsons and Kroger 's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response .
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow .
Court Judge Robert Sweet said the plaintiffs failed `` to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald 's food and their alleged injuries . ''
A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman 's body was dug up , and the other body was encased in concrete .
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items .
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry also said it would throw out or send back all Canadian beef currently in store .
`` The Domino application server is going to be around for at least the next decade . ''
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement .
CCAG supported Bill Curry , Rowland 's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election .
The study is being published today in the journal Science .
`` The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination , '' said Pierre Pettigrew , Canada 's trade minister , in a statement .
Kay was sent to Iraq to co-ordinate efforts to find the weapons that US intelligence reported before the invasion that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein had .
`` It 's a recognition that we were provided faulty information , '' Tom Daschle , the senate Democratic leader , told reporters .
Monday 's attacks Monday were among the deadliest against Americans since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis .
Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity .
`` We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realized that it was a big thing , '' Mr. Beer said .
But planning for an expansion of Wagerup has been caught up in a heated debate about the existing project 's effect on local residents .
PeopleSoft management could choose to activate an anti-takeover defense known as a `` poison pill , '' designed to thwart undesired suitors .
In connection with the incident , I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately . ''
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state 's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday .
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida .
Coca-Cola said it expected its write-down to cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings .
The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and `` should not be treated as precedent . ''
Clijsters was simply too complete and powerful for the Spanish veteran Conchita Martínez in her quarterfinal , winning , 6-2 , 6-1 .
City Councilman Cedric Wilson said those killed were Cpl . James Crump , Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer .
The interview came a day after a report in the British press that he had been taken into custody .
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination .
`` I do n't know whether that means two years or four years .
Walker said he expects that the president 's budget will include a request for three percent to five percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years .
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT , off a low of 164p , in a slightly stronger overall London market .
Both have said they are willing to take the slim chance of success for the opportunity to lead separate lives .
She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve .
Braker said Wednesday that police , as part of protocol , were talking with other children Cruz had access to .
The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial , said Micah Rasmussen , a spokesman for Gov . James E. McGreevey .
Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress , and that weak links such as being tied to a single server will be eliminated over time .
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission .
The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court 's unanimous opinion from July .
Stock futures were mixed in early Thursday trading , but trading below fair value , pointing to a lower open for the major market indexes .
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks .
Further estimates show that it is the fourth most common cause of cancer in men and the eighth most common in women .
His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach , parking lot .
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $ 1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerage houses to settle investigations of analyst conflicts of interest .
Crohn 's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea , pain , weight loss and tiredness .
The Bush administration 's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older power plants -- especially coal -- more power can be produced more cheaply .
His chief lawyer , Mahendradatta , said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision .
This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase .
The main psychologist , Dwight Close , referred questions to an agency spokeswoman , who said she would n't comment on personnel issues .
The survey also found that executives who feel that current economic conditions have improved rose to 35 per cent from 15 per cent last quarter .
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years , but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva .
Dave Tomlin , assistant general counsel of The A.P. , said his organization was still deciding whether to appeal .
Weyerhaeuser is the one of the worlds largest producers of softwood lumber , with the capacity to produce 7.6 billion board feet a year .
If their circulatory systems are not properly separated , it could kill one or both of them , doctors have said .
Gartner 's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year , a 120 percent increase over 2001 's 8.9 million units .
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $ 100,000 bail each .
Saddam 's other son , Odai , surrendered Friday , but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he 's a U.S. agent .
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia , while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters , from all sides , in the region .
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police , Supoyo said .
Total Information Awareness is now Terrorism Information Awareness .
`` I just hope that this event does n't tarnish his career or take away from what he 's done . ''
The service is deploying Cisco 's BTS 10200 Softswitch cable modem termination system and MGXR 8850 voice gateway products .
Last year , there were shortages of shots for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough , measles-mumps-rubella , pneumococcal disease , tetanus and chicken pox nationally .
County Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial because the jury could not reach a verdict .
Heather , 35 , who lost a leg in a road accident , is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips , which would make natural childbirth impossible .
Pacific Northwest has more than 800 employees , and Wells Fargo has 2,400 in Washington .
However , other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them .
On health care , the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums .
Chi-Chi 's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease .
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted : Windows NT , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization .
No official ceremony was planned to mark the anniversary in Dallas .
The victims were last seen at church last Sunday ; their bodies were discovered Tuesday .
Software developers use compilers to translate programming languages such as C++ into the language that can be read by a particular processor .
That second dossier , passed to journalists during Mr Blair 's trip to Washington , said it drew on `` a number of sources , including intelligence material '' .
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week .
For the 12-month period ending June 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida .
Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates , though neither the girl nor her family knew him .
The Prime Minister , Junichiro Koizumi , joined the criticism .
There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration , Visudyne , and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases .
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration , and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases .
The bureau also failed to pursue other leads , including a local imam who dealt with several key 9-11 figures .
The Herald reported on Tuesday that internet developer Bruce Simpson was building a missile from parts ordered over the internet and shipped through Customs .
Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Trichet as ECB president on Thursday evening or Friday .
Vivendi pointed out that in both possible combinations , it would maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation `` with excellent growth potential . ''
Zilkha and other shareholders , including Coastal founder Oscar Wyatt Jr. , had called for Wise 's firing for months .
The last time the survey was conducted , in 1995 , those numbers matched .
Cooper , the boy 's mother , started coming to the church about three months ago after she met a parishioner at a doctor 's office , Hemphill said .
To win final United States approval , the treaty would have to be signed by President Bush and ratified by Congress .
The deal with the Carmel-based insurer is expected to close shortly , said Macklowe spokesman Howard J. Rubenstein .
Intelligence officials in Washington warned lawmakers a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia , it was reported today .
Plofsky said the commission wo n't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired .
Under the Government Network Security Act of 2003 , federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement P2P security plans .
Sales as measured by volume , a key gauge of financial health in the beverage sector , grew 5 percent in the quarter .
Gainer said the two staff aides are `` very sorry this all happened , '' and the security personnel had performed `` well within standards . ''
He will leave Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge , Suffolk , on Monday , July 21 .
Retail industry experts predict the next five days will likely make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers .
Police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded , killing Wells , before bomb technicians arrived .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index pulled back by nearly 4 points to 1,066.62 .
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May .
The FBI informed Easynews that an individual had used the Easynews UseNet server to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday , August 18th , the company said in a statement .
But Peterson added , `` I do n't know anybody in the conference committee who 's fighting to keep it out completely . ''
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril .
Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children .
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds .
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 's 2001 application to sell Erbitux , citing shoddy research .
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law .
Beaumont said he does n't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England .
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation , Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce `` Terri 's Bill '' during the special session Monday .
Its shares jumped to $ 54.50 in pre-open trading from $ 50.90 at Wednesday 's close .
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10 .
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday .
The ruling `` is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the Sixth Circuit , '' Taubman Centers said in a statement .
Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification .
The cuts are expected to save Texas consumers more than $ 510 million , and most policyholders will see reductions , Black said .
In New Hampshire yesterday , Mr Bush reiterated Saddam 's regime `` possessed and used weapons of mass destruction , sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people '' .
At Tuesday 's arraignment hearing , Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements .
To put it very simply , Antetonitrus is Brontosaurus 's older brother , hence the name .
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians .
Bush already is halfway to his goal of raising $ 150 million to $ 170 million for next year 's primaries .
`` Turning the corner does not mean we 've crossed the finish line , '' Gregory told reporters .
The latest raid came as US lawmakers debate a report that accuses Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism .
The delegation leaves Chicago today , then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial .
As planned , the services will be rolled into Yukon when it ships ( see story ) .
Toronto Police Chief Chief Julian Fantino confirmed Friday morning that a man had been arrested in the slaying of Toronto girl Holly Jones .
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years .
Marshall pressed the practical case that a quite similar civil-rights bill based on the 14th Amendment was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883 .
But she said it will be difficult for investigators to directly tie any decline in shuttle funding to the February disaster .
The special tests were developed to measure student progress in meeting the state 's standards for the content taught in each grade .
At least 1,750 people were ordered to evacuate their homes shortly before 9 a.m. as a precaution , said Steve Powers , Marquette County administrator .
It is essential that proceedings against accused terrorists both be fair and appear fair to outside observers , he said .
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds .
The technology is available for download on the Microsoft Developer Network ( MSDN ) site .
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain .
It is for that reason that legal scholars said the Denver ruling is at least plausible .
But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent .
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent .
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro hailed the appellate court ruling .
In an appearance before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday , Mr. Blair suggested that only `` evidence of weapons programs '' rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered .
The banks neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements .
On the other hand , if this will help further establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . ''
The April 19 , 1995 , bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building came on the second anniversary of the fiery end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco , Texas .
Investment bank Merrill Lynch raised its investment rating on the business software maker Oracle to `` buy '' from `` neutral '' with a 12-month price target of $ 15 .
The report confirmed the ACLU 's view that the civil liberties and rights of immigrants `` were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11 , '' said Romero .
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .
United is working closely with the Air Transportation Stabilization Board to replace the aspects of its loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December .
The moves came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board finished investigating .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index advanced 6.48 , or 0.7 per cent , to 990.51 .
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss .
On Friday , the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun .
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover .
The appeals court judges were in sharp disagreement over what should be done when they ruled in February .
Another is investor disenchantment with US investments , leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down .
Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid , an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza .
Last year , he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor .
Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular Internet Explorer toolbar , adding bells and whistles for surfers .
The last time the S & P had a larger one-day point loss was also May 19 , when it gave back 23.53 to close at 920.77 .
I was going to the court believing I could do this , only if I played my best tennis .
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief .
Blair 's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action .
Delta personnel at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers .
A company spokeswoman declined to say how much Qwest receives in annual revenue from government contracts .
For the week ended June 15 , a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States , compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had `` delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms '' .
`` As a professional , '' he added , `` I think I 'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller .
Federal prosecutors , the Securities and Exchange Commission , and the mortgage company 's regulator launched investigations into Freddie Mac 's shake-up .
Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours .
Yet another big fight has been over a White House proposal to privatize air-traffic control at major airports .
`` If you pass this bill , Big Brother will be watching you , '' said Rep. John Mabry , D-Waco .
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus , Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry .
Jack Ferry , company spokesman , said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status .
After a seven-day trial last year , Thompson found the monument to be an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state .
The victims were not identified , although authorities said at least one of the bodies had been there about a year .
Ahold Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his `` sincere apologies '' for the scandal .
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc.JCP.N and Walgreen Co.WAG.N kick things off early in the week .
Defense lawyers had objected in pretrial hearings to the videotape and the photo , saying they were too unclear to identify Muhammad .
`` I have lots of bad dreams , I have flashbacks , I have lots of anger .
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission , which described the move as `` legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful '' .
The petition alleges that Huletts unfair sales have damaged the U.S. industry , sending market prices below sustainable levels .
Australia , Chile , Colombia , El Salvador , Honduras , Mexico , New Zealand , Peru and Uruguay will also support the challenge .
Gateway will release new Profile 4 systems with the new Intel technology on Wednesday .
The government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites on Sunday in a loosely coordinated `` contest '' that could disrupt Internet traffic .
Mrs. Clinton said she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family .
Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York .
Revenues for `` The Hulk '' came in well below those of last month 's Marvel Comics adaptation , `` X2 : X-Men United , '' which grossed $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend .
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles .
In April , it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share .
Hampton Township is a few miles northeast of Bay City , about 100 miles away .
And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage , it was for the long-term moral good of Bali .
It indicates , Robert said , “ that terrorists really don ’ t care who they attack .
The Supreme Court long ago held that students could not be compelled to join in the pledge .
Iraq 's nuclear program had been dismantled and there was no convincing evidence it was being revived , the report said .
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ( $ A11.9 billion ) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs .
`` These foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-lowering drugs . ''
`` I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job , '' she said .
State Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in court this morning , `` It was an ill-conceived lawsuit . ''
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation , said his spokesman Jim Kennedy .
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred .
Magner , who is 54 and known as Marge , has been the consumer group 's chief operating officer since April 2002 , and sits on Citigroup 's management committee .
Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes , but usually to protect witnesses 's safety .
Although it 's unclear whether Sobig was to blame , The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of `` system difficulties . ''
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years , said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
His band in the early 1930 's included the pianist Teddy Wilson , the saxophonist Chu Berry , the trombonist J. C. Higginbotham and the drummer Sid Catlett .
We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved , '' Sontag said .
Aiken 's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump , with weakness spread across the company 's various geographic and end markets .
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice .
They came despite what BA called a `` difficult quarter '' , which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow .
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night , according to an Oracle spokeswoman .
Other features include FileVault , which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly .
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel .
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday , but it turned out to be an animal bone , authorities said .
After Saddam 's regime crumbled in early April , it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume .
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million .
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent .
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted work for several hours while waiting for the anthropologist to arrive from Indianapolis .
The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately , Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said .
White House officials also deleted a reference to a 1999 study showing that global temperatures had risen sharply in the previous decade compared with the last 1,000 years .
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna 's daughter Tracy .
In January 2000 , notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume .
Federal and local officials , including Bush , saw no apparent sign of terrorism .
U.N. inspectors later said the documents were old and irrelevant -- some administrative material , some from a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s .
Griffith , a Mount Airy native , now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo .
It will also delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick , 62 , who agreed to stay on until the deal was completed and Buhrmann bedded down in PaperlinX .
OS ANGELES - `` The Hulk '' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , taking in a June opening record of $ 62.6 million .
Their leader , Abu Bakr al-Azdi , turned himself in in June ; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces .
Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced .
Heavy weekend rain and runoff from heavy snowmelt sent a mountain creek on a rampage , washing out a culvert and opening the sinkhole in I-70 east of Vail .
Spinal Concepts , launched in 1996 , makes orthopedic medical devices used during spinal fusion surgical procedures .
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert .
State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise 's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign .
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation , she said .
NBC also announced it has struck a deal to keep ER on the air for three more seasons .
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
In court , she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook .
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
`` These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know , '' the statement read .
Jackson 's visit came after a relatively peaceful night in Benton Harbor , which sits in southwestern Michigan about 100 miles northeast of Chicago .
The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem .
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area , including two nurses and a doctor .
The World Health Organization — another Lilly partner , along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University — has declared TB a global emergency .
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence .
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions .
`` The case has been ready to go for some time , '' said FBI Special Agent Craig Dahle in Birmingham .
`` One can say that the euro at the moment is about at the level which better reflects the fundamentals , '' he said .
Thats why the Americans with all their technology cant find him .
U.S. District Judge William Steele set a hearing tomorrow on the lawsuit .
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday .
We 're electing a president of the United States , not a staff . ''
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $ 200 , the company said .
The picture changes a bit should Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton be the Democratic presidential candidate .
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .
Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney , Henry Wade , challenging Texas 's abortion laws .
Both were a few metres apart , Mr Laczynski pressing against the metal fence dividing court officials from the crowd .
The European Union was due Monday to demand Iran accept `` urgently and unconditionally '' tougher nuclear inspections and to link compliance with a pending trade deal .
Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years , some experts are saying , could be undermining efforts to promote safe sex .
Viles ' body was discovered four hours later after he failed to respond to a call to return to his housing unit .
About 1,500 firefighters here and north of the neighboring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters , air tankers and bulldozers .
Once seated , the anonymous jurors will be driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities .
Pappas said he would n't hesitate about asking Graham to substitute .
Deirdre Hisler , Government Canyon 's manager , said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it .
With the Expose feature , all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .
Elan would receive an additional $ 25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity , and get a cut of sales on a sliding scale through 2021 .
Still , he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines .
Police today charged three men , one aged 28 and two aged 26 , with attempted murder , torture , rape , assault occasioning bodily harm , armed robbery and burglary .
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades , test scores and a student 's high school curriculum .
ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. are developing similar medications , designed to target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones .
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $ 18.51 , a gain of 6 cents .
Jirsa is being introduced as Marshall head coach today at a noon news conference in the Bob Hartley/Big Green Room of Cam Henderson Center , The Herald-Dispatch learned .
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $ 140 million pay package .
Police Chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa , who heads the national police intelligence group that had custody of Ghozi , has offered to resign , according to Ebdane .
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames , which have destroyed more than 8,000 hectares ( 20,000 acres ) of pinewood since the blazes started Monday afternoon .
And as more than 100 people on death rows have been exonerated , other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty .
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party .
Instead , prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man .
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion - Australian football - as the world champion relaxed before his Wimbledon title defence .
Microsoft says customers can install applications and software on their handset wirelessly or from a PC via USB connection .
Shares of Schering-Plough were off 2 cents at $ 16.78 near midday on the New York Stock Exchange .
`` The issue has been resolved , '' Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman .
`` I do n't see the urgency of this , and I am not going to grant this request . ''
In its statement , the bank said it believed `` the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive . ''
The tour plans to make stops in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1-2 , and in New York City on Oct. 3-4 .
When fully operational , the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people .
Shares of McDonald 's rose $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 .
The girls and three of the cadets were cited for underage drinking .
Oracle Corp 's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison did n't rule out sweetening the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc .
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey , 64 , died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer .
The bill also requires the FCC to hold at least five public hearings before voting on future ownership changes .
State government sources said Travis ' move was a direct result of the controversy over the Boudin parole decision .
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions , but the Senate has failed to do so .
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee 's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10 , police said .
TI further said that , as a result of the license agreement , it will not change its prices for OMAP devices .
Continuing the record-setting pace of recent years , personal bankruptcies rose 7.8 percent in the 12 months ending Sept. 30 , the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts said Friday .
Enstrom and Kabat focused their work on 35,561 people who had never smoked but had spouses who did .
Symantec yesterday bought SSL VPN appliance vendor SafeWeb for $ 26 million in cash .
But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims .
Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin , R-La. , said Friday that he will hold a hearing on the blackout as soon as lawmakers return in September .
Also , businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs .
Says IBM : `` Electrons come down from the poly-silicon emitter , accelerate through the SiGe base , and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode .
According to market research from The NPD Group , the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June .
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia .
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country .
The Passion will feature actor James Caviezel as Christ and actress Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene .
U.S. officials say the six were , like other prisoners at the U.S . Naval base in Cuba , suspected of involvement with al-Qaida , Afghanistan 's Taliban or some other group .
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting .
`` Saddam is gone , but we want the ( U.S. ) occupation to end , '' said Hit resident Abu Qasim .
The autopsy was ordered sealed at the request of both the prosecution and defense .
`` I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders , '' Ms McCorvey said at a news conference in Dallas on Tuesday .
Meanwhile , the U.S. civilian administrator for Iraq , L. Paul Bremer , paid a two-hour visit to the northern cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniyah .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points , or 0.60 percent , at 1,912.65 .
Additionally , the h2210 ’ s cradle has room to charge a second battery .
Still , Jessica Biel ( of `` 7th Heaven '' fame ) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface 's last elusive victim .
Police and officials said about 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to struggle to shore .
In that case , the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics .
The Senate version has no coverage for annual costs between $ 4,450 and $ 5,800 .
`` PeopleSoft management entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders , '' said Deborah Lilienthal , an Oracle spokeswoman .
`` That said , however , no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used . ''
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation .
`` The Leading Economic Index finally points to a recovery , almost a year and a half after the end of the recession , '' Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said .
Shares of McDonald 's Corp. and Wendy 's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday .
In winter , it is transformed into a treacherous embankment , a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything .
The intelligence service , headed by Mr. Fujimori 's spy chief , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of tortures , drug trafficking and disappearances .
Fed policy-makers signaled they were prepared to cut rates , now at a 41-year low , to ward off even the threat of deflation .
`` It appears that many employers accused of workplace discrimination will be considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent , '' he said .
The formula for its baby food is prepared by the German-owned Humana Milchunion .
Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by a quarter or more , U.S. researchers reported on Thursday .
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature .
Net profit was $ 275m , or 23 cents per American Depositary Receipt , for the period ending March 31 .
Agrawal said her research does not suggests that PCOS causes lesbianism , only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women .
`` The economy , nonetheless , has yet to exhibit sustainable growth .
Meanwhile , students and others at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma , about 40 miles to the south , acted out a second , simultaneous attack on campus .
The suspect has been charged with juvenile delinquency , based on intentionally causing damage to computers .
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hoped for a rebound .
Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window , threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof .
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products .
MEN who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer , a landmark WA study has found .
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of next month , he said , and the agency plans to double its classes in January .
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with Thomas .
`` I still do n't think it is a trade secret , '' Bunner said yesterday .
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts , Mahendradatta told Reuters .
According to Saunders , the gunman said he was frustrated by the U.S . Postal Service 's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle .
In the interview , Mr. Reed said board members could not defend themselves by saying they did not realize the size of Mr. Grasso 's package .
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe .
A conviction could bring a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Pepper spray and four arrests marked a Monday evening march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit .
A powerful typhoon hit southern areas of South Korea , killing at least 42 people and forcing thousands to flee , authorities said yesterday .
Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill 's family drama , Long Day 's Journey Into Night .
Under the legislation , a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison .
The German envoy , Gunter Pleuger , told reporters today , `` The important issues are how the political process is being organized . ''
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am .
Los Angeles- The deep-sea adventure `` Finding Nemo '' hooked the top spot at the box office yesterday with an estimated $ 70.6-million opening weekend .
Excluding litigation charges , RIM 's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share .
Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc. 's VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG 's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group , the sources said .
`` We think this planet formed with its star , 12.713 billion years ago when the ( Milky Way ) galaxy was very young , just in the process of forming . ''
Born in 1953 in Baghdad , her father was Salih Magdi Ammash , a former Vice-President , Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership .
It was better under Saddam , '' said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib , a job-seeking army deserter , when asked what message he would like to convey to Powell .
Among the Group of Seven nations , the leading indicator rose to 119.1 from 118.2 in April .
Mr Kerkorian said : `` We believe that recent trading prices of MGM 's common stock do not reflect MGM 's full value and that the stock represents and attractive investment . ''
Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Ala. , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , was n't rushing to endorse the legislation .
`` We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue , '' the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement .
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel , Shumaker said , `` I am not giving any consideration to resignation .
New building has n't put any drag on the skyrocketing median home price , up 14.8 percent to $ 364,000 in April from a year ago .
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose .
News Corp. , whose empire spans Hollywood 's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd. , owns 35 per cent of BSkyB .
KEDO Spokesman , Roland Tricot said : `` The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals .
`` It seems to me you 're trying to protect privacy of theft , '' she said to Barr .
As of Friday , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 1,602 human cases of West Nile so far this year , including 28 deaths .
After that , college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech .
The statement said Mr Turner transferred 10 million shares of the stock to a charitable trust , which then sold them .
His lawyer , Harriet Newman Cohen , said later that Cuomo `` was betrayed and saddened by his wife 's conduct during their marriage . ''
Yesterday , Mr. Cuomo 's lawyer , Harriet Newman Cohen , read a statement over the phone : `` Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife 's conduct during their marriage .
`` Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant , '' they announced at a press conference yesterday .
A coalition of states petitioned a federal appeals court Thursday in an effort to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk , the researchers said .
`` I 'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security , '' Capellas said .
State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation 's toughest auto emissions program , a spokesman for California 's air board said Monday .
`` We 've become like total strangers , '' Klein quotes him as saying .
`` This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth , '' said O'Neill , who is based in California .
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday .
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement .
But at age 15 , she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : It was time to try surgery .
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify .
The program only spreads further when a computer user clicks on the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses on the user 's computer .
The jawbone is similar to those of other early modern humans found in Africa , the Middle East and later in Europe .
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela , about 250 miles west of Caracas .
`` Just as before , it will be up to the council to decide the direction and the timing of the process . ''
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday , two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors ' offices .
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition .
Woodley , 44 , died of liver and kidney failure Sunday at a hospital in his native Shreveport , La. , said his niece , Lucy Woodley .
Grinspun ’ s concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms , according to the newspaper .
Each hull will cost about $ 1.4 billion , with each fully outfitted submarine costing about $ 2.2 billion , Young said .
The club 's board of directors , chaired by president Florentino Perez , decided against renewing the 52-year-old 's contract .
In addition , Panther includes FileVault , a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption .
President George W. Bush said he 's appointed Paul Bremer , a security and counter-terrorism expert , as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq .
`` Some of us find the collateral damage greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war , '' said Rep. Howard Berman , D-Calif .
In Sweden , 99 percent of women are literate while at the other end of the scale , only eight percent of women in Niger are literate .
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved .
Urban hospitals have traditionally been reimbursed at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns .
`` To have people say we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong , '' Thomas quoted Jackson as saying .
A summary of his remarks says : all the group 's savings have been lost to raids and arrests , and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money .
It predicted that a 7.0 percent rise to $ 204.9 billion in 2006 would push the industry 's yearly sales slightly past its highest-ever level in in 2000 .
We can not allow anything like that , and we wo n't . ''
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell .
He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of the men involved in the attack .
If found guilty , Samudra could be sentenced to death under anti-terror laws passed soon after the bombings .
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion , Posey and Madison .
He 's ashamed of his party , and I do n't blame him one bit . ''
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin 's address .
Michael Bloomberg , NYC Mayor : `` I 'm gon na try march with a number of different groups .
Gemstar 's shares gathered up 2.6 percent , adding 14 cents to $ 5.49 at the close .
NBC also is introducing three new dramas , including one starring West Wing fugitive Rob Lowe as a Washington lawyer .
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz .
The survey of 60,000 people , conducted in 2001 and 2002 , found 91 percent of commuters use their own car or truck .
Brian Lara , the West Indies captain , was unbeaten on 93 at the rain interval while Marlon Samuels was five not out .
Mr. Bremer said Iran continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction , including Tehran s intelligence service .
`` PNC regrets its involvement '' in the deals , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement .
`` If we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism , '' he said .
She says the King County medical examiner 's office has confirmed the remains are human .
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday .
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body that promotes blood-vessel growth .
She recently got the endorsement of the National Organization for Women and the National Women 's Political Caucus .
I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction , '' Soros said .
Sen. John Rockefeller , D-W.Va. , said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare .
The GameCube , which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year , trails both Sony 's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp. 's MSFT.O Xbox .
Before Thursday 's matinee , Baker called a clubhouse meeting , concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs .
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed .
The Bush administration should make public the fact about Saudi Arabia 's complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom , lawmakers said Sunday .
The agent reported his contacts to Texas Department of Public Safety and told officers another legislator , Rep. Gabi Canales , D-Alice , they sought also was in Ardmore .
`` These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages , '' the statement continued .
Prime Minister Tony Blair , speaking at his monthly news conference , played up the danger and stressed the very grave threat that Britons were under and urged vigilance .
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel 's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil .
The Democratic governor said the budget passed by the legislature May 9 would reduce or eliminate services to 5,800 developmentally disabled people .
`` The lies and deceptions from Saddam have been well documented over 12 years . ''
Microsoft Corp. this week is releasing the second in a line of seven Microsoft Office Solution Accelerators for its suite .
Analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech on Monday to a `` sell '' before the company released its statement on the colon-cancer research .
The four suspects are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday , said Philip Murgor , Kenya 's deputy public prosecutor .
The 6th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it .
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc .
Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft 's mobile devices division .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points , or 2.23 percent , to 1,018.22 , based on the latest available figures .
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round , according to its Web site .
In Uganda , the Rev Jackson Turyagyenda , an Anglican spokesman , said his church was `` very disappointed '' .
His family and friends said he had travelled to the region for a cultural visit .
All of a sudden , its like a bullet went through them its like a state of shock .
On Monday during an annual biotechnology meeting in Washington , President Bush criticized Europe for aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food .
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted .
Casteen has been under pressure from Gov . Mark R. Warner and other state officials to do whatever he could to protect Virginia Tech 's athletic viability .
He met members of the nation 's biggest business lobby and was quoted as saying he wanted China to adopt flexible trade and foreign exchange policies .
The subject was scarcely mentioned in his campaign , or in the national security strategy that is his administration 's bible .
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for 10,410 pounds of beef slaughtered Dec. 9 at Vern 's Moses Lake Meat Co. in Moses Lake , Wash .
`` The SEC believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation , '' the commission said in the suit .
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests where portions of projects meant to reduce the fire threat were tied up in appeals .
`` Each institution helped Enron mislead its investors by characterizing what were essentially loan proceeds as cash from operating activities , '' the SEC said in a statement .
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus , Perez said the officers dragged him across the ground .
The MTA will not discuss the matter because of pending litigation .
It features clasped hands and a peace pipe overlapping a hatchet .
The industry 's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list .
This study 's researchers , from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota , had earlier found the same pattern in children aged three and four .
Enter Miami Police Chief John Timoney , an avowed enemy of activist `` punks '' who repeatedly classified FTAA opponents as `` outsiders coming in to terrorize and vandalize our city . ''
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts .
The updated products include Pylon Pro , Pylon Conduit , Pylon Anywhere , and Pylon Application Server .
Malvo , 18 , will go on trial Nov. 10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church , Va .
Misfeldt agreed to pay $ US346,807 in allegedly ill-gotten gains and $ US111,595 in interest .
The software giant announced at its company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas that two key products will enter customer testing .
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war , but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa , Florida .
Tornadoes tore through Kansas , Missouri and other states in the Midwest , killing as many as 29 people , the Associated Press reported .
The nation 's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25 , 2005 .
Its maker , MedImmune Inc. , based in Gaithersburg , made 4 million to 5 million doses this year .
JetBlue shares slipped nearly 5 percent Tuesday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market in New York after the deal was announced .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks .
`` In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now . ''
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth , Texas .
`` There is nothing Rob Furst did in any way that was not abetted and approved by senior officials at Merrill Lynch . ''
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic `` paper '' for e-newspapers and e-books , and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it .
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act .
Officials involved in the Howard project rejected the idea that it could harm black people .
I felt like it was a special day , but I did n't want to get ahead of myself , '' Stanford said .
WORLD No . 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice , including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .
Along with chipmaker Intel , the companies include Sony Corp. , Microsoft Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , IBM Corp. , Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp .
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq .
Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal the ruling in state court and perhaps in U.S. District Court .
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected .
The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .
Merck also on Monday affirmed plans to spin off Medco to shareholders in the third quarter .
At this writing , the fate of Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore hangs precariously in the hands of the states court of the judiciary .
They said they had concluded that the film failed `` to present a balanced portrayal '' of the Reagans .
Its chief executive , Lawrence J. Lasser , resigned under pressure last Monday .
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .
According to reports , Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub .
The findings appear in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association ( news - web sites ) .
Others with such a status are Egypt , Israel , and Australia .
`` But unfortunately we find that attacks on Iraqis have increased . ''
This Wednesday , the 127th anniversary of Custer 's defeat , formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day , June 25 , 1876 .
After 10 years of debate , the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index slipped 4.77 , or 0.5 percent , to 929.62 .
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt . Dave Perry is in command of the case , homicide Det.-Sgt . Gerry Cashman appeared last evening at the home near Finch Ave. and Hwy . 404 .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > was off 58.69 points , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
`` The day may come when courts properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases , '' Wolf wrote .
Montreal-based Bombardier 's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C $ 3.80 in Toronto on Friday .
Snow made his comments to Reuters on Friday but they were embargoed until Tuesday .
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg , Md. , on Tuesday and Wednesday , with experts and activists lining up on each side .
The mock explosion , the first event in the drill , occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle .
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses .
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN , Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming , the network announced .
`` For us that does n't make a difference , the sexual orientation , '' Tutu told television reporters in Soweto .
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12 , but Virginia judges rarely take such action .
Dennehy , who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums , became a born-again Christian in June 2002 .
Customers include Mitsubishi , Siemens , DBTel , Dell , HP , Palm , Philips , Sharp , and Sony .
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday .
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks .
Five-year notes US5YT=RR rose 6/32 in price for a yield of 3.08 percent , down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday .
At least 154 people , most of them opposition activists or officials , were arrested across the country Monday , police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement .
Lesser rewards of $ 15 million each were offered for the same information about his sons , Uday and Qusay .
`` The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient , '' said Ari Fleischer , the White House press secretary .
`` They drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away , '' he said on Sunday .
`` This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , '' said the foreman , Jim Wolfcale , a 41-year-old minister .
Vial estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the pass through the Siskiyou Mountains was closed Sunday night .
They said they only wanted to entertain people and win the best float prize and were fired for exercising their free-speech rights .
`` This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming , '' Nintendo R & D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement .
`` It is wasting both water and money , '' Ortega said Tuesday .
The United States says 1,882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War .
Intel spokesman Dan Francisco said the chip maker is looking into the issue , but declined to elaborate .
Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001 .
Also in the majority were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens , Sandra Day O'Connor , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer .
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment .
But the Quartet is divided three-to-one , the United States against the rest , on the question of whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people .
Kaichen 's former landlord , Carol Halperin of Chappaqua , said Kaichen told her she volunteered at Ground Zero after the attack .
The American women , who are defending champions , will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28 .
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo .
I 'm never going to forget this day .
The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April .
To date , 152 communities and the legislatures of Alaska , Hawaii and Vermont have approved resolutions condemning the act .
The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year .
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters : `` We condemn this raid , which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . ''
That comment undercut his remarks in an interview on Tuesday that the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts .
In two weeks , he 'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness .
On Friday , the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April , while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent .
At a press conference Thursday , the group claimed it had obtained 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall , although the petitions have no legal effect .
A fifth member of the `` Lackawanna Six , '' young Yemeni-American men accused of training at an al-Qaida terrorist camp , pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism .
The U.S. State Department travel warning said the threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya and includes Nairobi .
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell , though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest private employer , has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees , company officials said Tuesday .
The first of those discussions is expected to get under way in the next three to five months .
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts .
A bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in Connecticut was narrowly defeated in the House of Representatives on Wednesday .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack 13 years ago .
`` If they want to replace 11i with PeopleSoft , now that would make sense . ''
Simon shares Tuesday closed up 42 cents , or about 1 percent , at $ 39.45 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving , while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings .
Sabri Yakou , an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident , appeared before a federal magistrate yesterday on charges of violating U.S. arms-control laws .
That fire devastated timber on the reservation , charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities .
Sliding down the ice , Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull .
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week .
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies .
The company added , `` until more facts are presented , Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side . ''
U.S. Wireless restated its financial results when fraud was uncovered , increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss to $ 17 million from $ 11 million .
`` I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply , '' said Junya Tanase , forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase .
Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911 , saying he needed help because he was hearing voices , authorities said .
After his retirement , Foley served as assistant secretary of energy for defense programs under President Ronald Reagan .
Still , the `` somewhat ambiguous ruling '' might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product , Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said .
According to Tuesday 's report , consumers ' assessment of current conditions was less favourable than a month earlier .
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods , something the industry successfully fought here .
`` It seems clear the climate is changing , '' he said , asked to explain the flooding that keeps ravaging the southeast .
In September , Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company .
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % .
Two of them are on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal .
The dead cavalry have been honored for more than a century with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones .
Under the new pricing scheme , Universal would lower its wholesale price on a CD to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 .
They boy 's father , Terrance Cottrell Sr. , 33 , said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son 's death to be held responsible .
The two companies said PowderJect 's strong U.S. position would complement Chiron 's European presence .
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state .
It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture . ''
Started on Christmas Day in 1931 , the Met 's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world .
Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003 .
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet , sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder .
Campaign officials said the moves may have been a source of some friction with Fowler .
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton 's promising future is in doubt after an announcement Monday he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems .
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President .
The 2 1/2 -ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 3:49 p.m. Eastern time , disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000-mph free-fall .
Sen. Michael Crapo , R-Idaho , chairman of the subcommittee that will consider the nomination , is a longtime friend .
If Senator Clinton does decide to run in 2008 , she can not announce her candidacy before 2006 , which is when she faces re-election for the Senate .
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this was n't the right thing to do . ''
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot .
`` Good cause has been clearly shown that such change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial , '' Prince William County Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette Jr. wrote .
EnCana also reaffirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004 .
`` It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived , '' he said .
Chavez said investigators feel confident they 've got `` at least one of the fires resolved in that regard . ''
`` We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment , '' Daschle wrote .
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the vital rice crop as harvesting had just finished .
Since it expanded its shipments to the United States , Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market .
This is a good day for Americas farmers , said Sen. Charles Grassley , an Iowa Republican , in reaction to the administration announcement .
`` He 's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber , we should shoot first and ask questions later , '' one senior officer said .
Tight media controls and the remote location of the northern village where the fighting broke out made it impossible to confirm what happened .
Several shots rang out in the darkness , but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m .
Sales of $ 21.6 billion , up 10 percent from $ 19.7 billion a year ago , were ahead of Wall Street 's estimate of $ 21.4 billion .
Dr. Sutherland , 65 , was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland , an early maker of high-performance computers .
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion could n't be prosecuted .
Unless their parents submit written objections , students , regardless of citizenship status , would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence .
Scott McClellan , a White House spokesman , called the decision `` troubling and flawed . ''
Team President Ken Sawyer told the Pittsburgh Post Gazette Sunday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team .
`` Until this site was reported , the earliest site in Bering land-bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago , '' Grayson said .
Stanford ( 51-17 ) and Rice ( 57-12 ) will play for the national championship tonight .
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .
An outspoken opponent of terrorism , Said 's key political allies were Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders outside the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority .
Proposition 34 , a campaign financing initiative that voters passed in 2000 , limits fund raising and spending by gubernatorial candidates .
The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people .
The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam , which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic .
The companies , Chiron and Aventis Pasteur , together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine , which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand .
The combined companies ' commercial and personal lines will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and will be based in Hartford , Conn. , Travelers ' current headquarters .
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > dipped 6.62 points , or 0.34 percent , to 1,917.67 .
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said `` we are pleased with the judge 's decision . ''
The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent , the FBI said .
If he is successful in reaching a cease-fire , known as a `` hudna , '' Abbas will hold more talks with Sharon , their third one-on-one meeting in a month .
Tail wagging , Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft 's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center .
It warned that London , along with several other foreign cities , was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack .
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers ' conference in San Francisco this week .
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night , with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination 's view on issues but that are not binding on churches .
He cut his rating for XL shares to `` neutral '' from `` buy , '' and said the shares `` will not rebound quickly . ''
Igen 's stock closed $ 4.70 or nearly 13.7 percent higher at $ 39.10 on the Nasdaq market .
`` This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved , '' investigation board member Steven Wallace said .
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD 's Opteron 200 Series .
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein 's deposed regime in Iraq , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday .
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination 's policies on homosexuality .
Ms Lanier 's first heart tumour was removed from the upper part of her heart in 1997 , returning in 1999 , in 2001 and again this year .
On May 22 , 2002 , a man walking his dog came across some of Levy 's bones in Washington 's Rock Creek Park .
Both strain 121 and Pyrolobus belong to a branch on the tree of life known as the archaea .
These days , even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents .
At issue is the scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering , but not theology .
He told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor .
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks .
`` And the swagger of a president who says 'Bring 'em on ' does not bring our troops peace or safety . ''
One , Fort Carson-based Sgt . Ernest Bucklew , 33 , had been on his way home to attend his mother 's funeral in Pennsylvania .
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce more cuts to their valuations .
The row intensified after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon said the government would go ahead with planned cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors .
From Florida to Alaska , thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .
The leader of Myanmar 's National League for Democracy won a 1990 election by a landslide but was never allowed to govern .
The Foundation said telephone support would cost $ 39.95 per incident .
It is the first major industrial plant for Leighton as project manager .
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation 's fourth-largest archdiocese .
But for a meaningful dialogue to begin , cross-border terrorism should end and terror infrastructure must be dismantled .
The blast occurred at 5 a.m. in the capital 's Al-Bayaa district , police said .
The report finds that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002 compared with 5.1 percent in 1997 .
The company has 30 days to respond to the charges before the FCC makes a final ruling .
The study results were presented Tuesday at a meeting of the American Thoracic Society in Seattle , and will be published in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine .
He said he thought he had hit a dog or a cat , or someone had thrown a rock at his car , the police said .
The defense can not appeal Roush 's ruling until after the trial .
Lovett 's father , Ron Lovett , issued a statement apologising for his son 's behaviour .
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what `` all the fuss '' was over appointing a gay bishop , but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .
`` This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure , '' said Gary Costley , Multifoods chairman and chief executive .
The study adds to the evidence that diet might affect a person 's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that affects 4 million Americans .
`` But they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , '' Jordan said .
Voters in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners .
State air regulators and three automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation 's toughest auto emissions program , a spokesman for California 's air board said Monday .
Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted .
The third case involved contracts signed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities .
The work appears in the Oct. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China 's first space mission on October 15 .
ABC broadcast a special `` World News Tonight '' report out of Washington anchored by Ted Koppel .
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales .
It also said it would reconsider its support for the 2003 show , which took place last month .
If no candidate wins 50 percent plus one in today 's election , the top two will meet in a runoff June 3 .
The bomb exploded in Helmand province aboard a bus en route to the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah , according to news agency reports .
The UMass president has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995 , just before federal indictments were handed down .
Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern .
`` I do n't even worry about it anymore , '' he said .
The report was sponsored by the Computer & Communications Industry Association ( CCIA ) .
`` While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn , recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America , '' Edwards said in a speech .
`` First , the target was not clear . . . we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam , '' he said .
Sharpton nearly jumped out of his chair , saying , `` That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Jesse Jackson .
Dogs , he said , are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research .
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say .
`` I really liked him and I still do , '' Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday .
Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia remembers how he and his friends used to have to sneak around the school yard to speak Spanish .
Microsoft will pay Time Warner AOL $ 750 million to settle an outstanding antitrust suit brought by Time Warner 's Netscape division .
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January .
UN armored personnel carriers trained machine guns on Bunia 's main street but did not open fire .
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women .
In version 4.1 , a new web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning interface speeds up the flow of information between workstations and the server .
At midnight , Erika was about 90 miles east of Brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph , with sustained winds near 70 mph .
Antonio Monteiro de Castro , 58 , currently director of the group ’ s Latin America & Caribbean operations , will become chief operating officer from the same date .
The government began on September 1 to add the word `` Taiwan '' in English to the cover of new passport , a decision slammed by Beijing .
Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses .
The exam is a requirement for graduation , but Mills reversed course after an estimated 60 percent of students statewide failed it .
Ms O'Hare will take time off from studying history at New York University to be in Australia during October for national breast cancer awareness week .
Hurricane Claudette moved toward the Texas coast on Tuesday and was expected to strengthen before making landfall later in the day , forecasters said .
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar , announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society .
`` They were tossed around like feathers , '' Gordon said .
BAT BATS.L also said Managing Director Paul Adams would step up to chief executive from January 1 , 2004 , to ease the transition .
`` Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , '' Mr Howard said .
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc. , where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer .
Only one test , the effect on financial services , was deemed to be passed .
Knight agreed to a two-year , $ 2.38 million contract that included a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
The prosecutor said the company knowingly underestimated to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) the number of safety complaints involving the device .
`` We 're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible , '' Kennedy said .
Officials said it will take lengthy testing to determine if all anthrax spores have been killed .
EDS said that it was `` responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC '' .
It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell 's initiative .
Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago , United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec. 26 .
Deputies said the incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies received a phone call from a person requesting assistance regarding a domestic disturbance at 54346 Avenida Velasco .
The Russell 2000 index , the barometer of smaller company stocks , fell 2.52 to 410.23 .
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange .
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself .
Goldman Sachs said : `` We believe this is the right decision for the company , for its employees and for its creditors . ''
Allegiant shares rose $ 4 , or $ 17.2 percent , to $ 27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Jim Williams , director of the US-VISIT project , said that by the middle of November , many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed .
In one scene from the film 's final script , Reagan says of AIDS patients , `` They that live in sin shall die in sin . ''
The pill , which they call the `` polypill , '' would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering drug , three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid .
Laotian officials yesterday called on France , the former colonial power , to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF .
Loan losses , investment writedowns and legal costs led to the largest-ever loss for a European bank last year .
`` It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces .
The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases with particularly high rates among blacks like hypertension and diabetes .
To examine the uranium enrichment program -- ElBaradei 's priority -- the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites .
`` I do n't think he 's been that good from the get-go , '' said Limbaugh .
`` To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better , '' said Rory Bruer , Sony head of distribution .
`` This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time , '' said Mekki .
Thursday , U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion .
The supercomputer is actually an eServer and storage system with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second .
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the rice crop as harvesting had just finished .
`` The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security , '' said the administration , part of the Homeland Security Department .
Expenses are expected to be approximately $ 2.3 billion , at the high end of the previous expectation of $ 2.2-to- $ 2.3 billion .
America has accused Syria of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters infiltrating through its eastern border into Iraq to attack U.S.-led coalition forces .
Elwin Hermanson and the SaskParty would put the future of our Crown corporations — and our economy — at risk , ” the platform reads .
They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder .
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction , Galvin said .
Djerejian said that in the last month Syria has taken steps in response to the pressure , such as relocating the militant group offices out of Damascus .
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected .
Agrawal said her research neither suggests nor indicates PCOS causes lesbianism , only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women .
The Memory Stick Pro Duo card will be theoretically able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions , according to Sony .
These are real crimes that hurt a lot of people .
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $ US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV .
While rising consumer confidence is welcomed , it is not a component of gross domestic product , whereas new home sales are .
Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy , a potential ally in southeastern France .
Both markets rallied this past week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meetings on June 24-25 .
Doctors have speculated that the body ’ s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
The Oct. 9 hearing date is two days after the Lakers open their pre-season with two games in Hawaii .
A police spokesman confirmed : `` Greater Manchester Police , with the support of the German authorities and the FBI , have arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt , Germany . ''
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner .
The final report on the investigation could take as long as a year , Engleman said at a news briefing .
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early , on or around November 14 .
The study indicated that men who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop prostate cancer .
The Portuguese weather service said Europe 's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot , dry air moving from the southeast .
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called `` public '' board members .
Mr Alibek said : `` Our outcomes are very encouraging .
A spokesman said : `` Since November , we have co-operated fully with the police .
It indicates , Roberts said , `` that terrorists really do n't care who they attack .
The traditional Mediterranean diet puts the emphasis on vegetables , legumes , fruits , nuts , cereals and olive oil .
She and her husband left behind two sons : Robert , who was six , and Michael , who was 10 .
Ultimately , she will earn more than the $ 900,000 that Kenny Perry got for winning the PGA Tour event .
The rapper 's lawyer , Mark Gann , did n't return calls for comment .
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters , as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia .
The news service reports wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
The unemployment rate inched up one-tenth of a percentage point from April 's 6 percent to its highest since July 1994 .
`` She was very affectionate with them , '' said Blossom Medley , who also looked after the children .
By March 2003 , 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems , compared with 28 percent using DSL .
`` Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives , '' he said .
From Justin to Kelly , a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini , opened at No . 11 with $ 2.9-million .
Veritas will also expand its storage resource management ( SRM ) suite with the Precise StorageCentral software , focused on file and quota management in Windows environments .
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris , he said .
A few miles further east is Tehuacan , where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago .
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Dr Kelly 's resignation for his handling of allegedly sexually abusive priests .
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard 's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications .
The first time was in 1999 , when Bashir replaced the former leader of JI , Abdullah Sungkar , who had died .
Former roommate and teammate Carlton Dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged with murder July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him .
Three other fires in or near the park were contained on Wednesday .
The Vatican devised a mini-lift to allow the pope to get on and off helicopters .
Mr. Suen said this evening , after the ruling , that Hong Kong 's cabinet would meet `` very soon '' to decide whether to resume construction .
Geraldine Andrews , the pastor 's daughter-in-law , said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility .
Some psychiatrists , Dr. Lieberman among them , noted that other studies of S.S.R.I . 's in children had also failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos .
The CWA , which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees , called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 a year .
In Montana , tensions were high yesterday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an `` ugly '' forecast : more dry lightning and windstorms .
British Airways ' New York-to-London runs will end in October .
Still , analysts said they were disappointed by the company 's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program .
In addition , UDDI will have to significantly be improved to handle those aspects of SOAs .
In fresh bloodshed last night , four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip , Palestinian witnesses and medics said .
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window , threw a mattress to the ground , and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof .
They described the abductor as a Hispanic man in his 30s or early 40s , 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5 , weighing about 160 pounds .
He said it was a movie `` meant to inspire , not offend '' .
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister , Mahmoud Abbas , in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday .
Ultimately , however , Mrs Clinton decided she still loved her husband – although `` as a wife , I wanted to wring Bill 's neck '' .
At 12 months there was still a difference in function , although it was not a significant one .
RAAF officers said yesterday a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter-bomber was positioned to intercept the intruder .
They certainly reveal a very close relationship between Boeing and senior Washington officials .
AMD made the announcement on Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston .
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents , or 10 % , to $ 7.91 on the Nasdaq .
Small-business customers paying $ 1,200 to $ 3,200 a year could save $ 60 to $ 120 .
After the Houston event , Bush returned to his Crawford , Texas , ranch , where he will host Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday .
The minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in Casablanca on Friday night .
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer , at music festivals in Britain .
`` I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose -- of all the Austrian-born body builders , '' Schwarzenegger said during the benefit at the Fairmont Hotel .
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter , the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows .
`` It was going to involve others , '' said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan. 30 court hearing , reports the Associated Press .
It was third time lucky for Hempleman-Adams , 46 , after two previous abandoned attempts to make ballooning history .
In fact , Fatima Haque 's prom tonight had practically everything one might expect on one of a teenage girl 's most important nights .
He has been at UCSD since 1991 and was appointed chancellor in 1996 , after spending 22 years with AT & T Bell Labs , where he worked on superconductors and other materials .
The stock rose $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close on Friday at $ 21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
She had only a single condition , that the book not be published until her death .
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
The commission estimated California lost $ 937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .
The plan is to convert half of its eight million local phone lines within the next six years .
Avery Dennison estimated second-quarter revenue between $ 1.2 billion and $ 1.23 billion , up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier .
Mehr said police had no way of knowing what Kilpatrick was shooting at when he fired his gun .
If Fortigel , a testosterone gel , had been approved , Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004 , Mr. Juelis said .
But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend , who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez .
`` Due to economic and creative realities , many key people will not be returning , '' producer David E. Kelley said in a statement .
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa .
The events mark the latest twists in an unfolding scandal involving a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced .
The number of lung transplantations also increased from 30 to 64 , and the mean waiting time on the transplant list decreased from 290 days to 87 days .
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Tuesday introduced its Athlon MP 2800+ processor for entry-level one- and two-way servers and workstations .
Though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome , Mauresmo is n't favored today .
As a result of the decision , Brown said CareFirst subscribers wo n't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and to international service providers .
Then it temporarily retracts the hard drive 's read-write head until the system is stabilized again .
On Thursday , Long heard arguments from both sides .
The poll shows Bill White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters -- Orlando Sanchez by 35 percent .
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF , being brokered by Malaysia , after a string of attacks , including three bombings , on Mindanao .
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah , the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings .
Mr. Day said that the consequences had been `` catastrophic '' for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children shunned in their communities .
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May .
A cul de sac with homes burned to the foundation was visible from above .
The billing mix-up , for between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 , went unnoticed until after their legal defense fund paid out roughly $ 7 million in fees .
His attorney said he is disputing the accusations through the securities dealers association 's hearing process .
Douglas Robinson , a senior vice president of finance , will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis .
United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said : 'It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference .
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General 's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified .
In the latest violence , insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad , killing one soldier .
Once converted , BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .
Change will take time , but is necessary for the nation 's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition , chief executive Bob Nardelli said .
The new version , W32/Sobig.C-mm , had already reached a `` high level '' outbreak status by Monday , according to security analysts .
If convicted of the spying charges , he could face the death penalty .
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement .
Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary , which covers unauthorized entry .
Dennehy , who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums , had begun to read the Bible daily .
`` From Justin to Kelly , '' starring `` American Idol '' winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini , opened at No . 11 with only $ 2.9 million .
`` A more favorable job market was a major factor in the turnaround , '' said Lynn Franco , Director of the Conference Board Consumer Research Center .
The veteran rock group 's four-disc DVD set , called Four Flicks and due Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment , is expected to be one of the holiday season 's top sellers .
Compounding the pain for bonds , housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent , just beating forecasts of a flat outcome .
Her body was found at the foot of a back staircase in the couple 's expensive home in Durham .
The euro was at 126.38/43 yen little changed from its late U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.60 yen the same time on Tuesday .
The loss ends the run of four straight Williams vs. Williams major finals , all won by Serena .
`` It just seems like all the issues that we support , he does n't , '' said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC .
The film is the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions .
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali .
The state wanted every insurer doing business in California to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing its license to operate in the state .
It added that unless the problems are fixed , `` the scene is set for another accident . ''
Certain to give Democrats hope was Bush 's hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat ; the president prevailed 43 percent to 38 percent .
Weather forecasters are sending out warnings for heavy rainfall that could wash out the tail end of the holiday weekend .
For legal purposes , J.P. Morgan and Citigroup neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements .
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day — a glazed doughnut has 4 grams — can increase health risks .
During 2001 and 2002 , Morgenthau said , wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion .
House Democrats are planning a series of town meetings throughout the nation this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill .
Also Wednesday , a minibus detonated a roadside bomb in a Baghdad traffic tunnel , killing two people and wounding two others , hospital officials said .
Buchan responded by first noting that , in crafting the tax relief packages , `` the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind . ''
The Ottoman Dignity will carry the oil to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast .
Sales fell to $ 3.3bn in 2002 as the bad news hit the US market .
According to SunnComm 's Peter Jacobs , `` MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised ' to the companies who purchased it .
Then , suddenly , the ONS reported a fresh 0.6 per cent slump in manufacturing output .
Qantas issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks yesterday , as the airline warned of more job cuts owing to the ongoing impact of SARS on passenger demand .
The company said industrywide sales of consumer film in China during April and May were nearly half of the amount sold during the same two months a year ago .
It 's one of the nicer rounds I have ever played and the best chance I have ever had of a 59 . ''
Mr . Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care .
Ohmer ruled the law warranted further review by the Missouri Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday .
Chera Larkins , 32 , of Manhattan , charged with three sham marriages , is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument .
Muhammad and Malvo , 18 , are not related , but have referred to each other as father and son .
Five foreign embassies , including the Singapore embassy in Bangkok , were among those targeted , '' the Singapore statement said .
A company spokesman declined to comment further Wednesday , and a Redding Medical Center official did n't immediately return telephone calls .
The organizers of the University Games , which began Thursday , were hoping North Korea 's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to this week 's summit .
`` Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations , such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors , to extend transistor scaling and Moore 's Law , '' he added .
Arthur Benson , attorney for the case 's plaintiff schoolchildren , said he will appeal .
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England 's University of Bristol .
The Winston-Salem , North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter , bringing the total to 282 .
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council .
Kim Clijsters reached the French Open final for the second time , benefiting from a little luck Thursday to erase a set point and beating unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5 , 6-1 .
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds .
The study was published Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine ( news - web sites ) .
A magnitude 8 quake hit the area Friday , setting off a fire in another tank that consumed 188,700 barrels , of crude oil .
`` The European Union is basically absent , '' said Tito Barbini , regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany , Italy .
Yunos allegedly prepared the bombs ' wiring while Al-Ghozi reportedly admitted preparing the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packing the explosives , the prosecutors said .
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday .
A 114-year-old Japanese woman who had assumed the title of the world 's oldest person last month died Thursday , a spokesperson for Hiroshima city said .
All 180,000 DHS employees soon will receive a lapel pin and personalized certificate bearing the seal , DHS said .
Althardt said there was no indication that any of the sick children needed to be hospitalized .
Until now , sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States , Canada and Korea .
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him .
His mother contacted the Federal Public Defender 's office in Sacramento , which has agreed to handle his surrender , she says .
Dean aides estimated the plan would cost about $ 88 billion annually , and Dean said he would pay for it by eliminating portions of Bush 's tax cuts .
Meanwhile , Harrison said , investigators were working through the holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply .
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder , also known as Corey Miller , of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub .
Consolidated operating income for the fourth quarter was $ 570 million , up 26 % from the $ 452 million reported a year ago .
He 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold , Moriarty thought .
The bodies of 17 undocumented immigrants who suffocated in a stifling trailer were discovered yesterday at a south Texas truck stop where smugglers had abandoned them .
If convicted of violating the Truth in Domain Names Act , Zuccarini could face up to four years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Dewhurst 's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial `` Robin Hood '' plan for school finance .
Lawmakers at the closed-door hearing focused on the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq 's chemical , biological and nuclear weapons programs .
This left the Eurotop 300 benchmark about six points off its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session .
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word `` refugee '' in an English/Turkish dictionary .
Last year , he made his first foray into public politics , running a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs .
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence , a Corrections Department official said .
The court case does not include another rule , which also took effect Nov. 29 , that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points , or 0.52 percent , to 9,174.35 .
Mitchell Garabedian , an attorney representing many young men who have claimed they were molested by Geoghan , said he was shocked and surprised to hear of the jail death .
Belcher said the airport 's conference room became a shelter for several families who had hiked up hillsides ahead of rising water .
The company posted a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
Both sets of findings were presented Dec. 1 at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago .
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer , a sixth-grader from Washington , D.C .
`` We can presume that we 've prevented a very large number of infections and some significant amount of clinical disease , '' he said .
In an editorial in the journal , two breast-cancer researchers said hormones ' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is `` almost unique '' in medicine .
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
Wells ’ other series include NBC ’ s ER and Third Watch .
NASA officials are delicately seeking advice on what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces from Columbia , cautiously broaching the idea of putting some shuttle parts on display .
Customers can use Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003 -- available Monday -- as a stepping stone to the final release this summer .
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association .
The fire began about two hours later , the result of an explosion that was likely caused by a steam leak , officials said .
For the entire season , the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles , Franklin said .
`` Clearly , the debate ( over recent developments ) has had an effect , '' says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign .
These men `` are entitled to respect for their private lives , '' Kennedy said .
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks .
Green wrote , The documents show that in one two-month period , Bennett wired more than $ 1.4 million to cover losses .
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring , a company started by Jeff Hawkins , regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld .
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates will address the forum .
The new system costs between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million , depending on configuration .
Monday said it has its first customer for its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License for SCO UNIX Rights .
Patients ' rights advocates crashed it by squeezing into camera range , protesting the FMA 's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance .
`` I 've stopped looters , run political parties out of abandoned buildings , caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons , '' Williams said .
There were conflicting reports about the number of casualties yesterday .
Nextel Partners Inc. NXTP.O , which provides wireless phone service , fell 59 cents , or 9.8 percent , to $ 5.41 .
Tennessee officials are setting up relief services and mobile communications in Jackson after power was wiped out in the town .
Colin Powell , the Secretary of State , said contacts with Iran would not stop .
South San Francisco 's Genentech , the world 's second-biggest biotechnology company , rose 6.6 percent to $ 66.73 .
Wyoming and New Mexico both reported two deaths within the past week .
`` I 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I 'm not going to be negative about it '' .
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season .
Common side effects include nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough , the FDA said .
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS , which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
The judge said Congress is the best forum for weighing the prescription drug importation issue .
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple whose children move back home after college .
And because it is so far out in international water , salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does not have to share the wealth with coastal state governments .
The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not .
Thirty-seven per cent of CEOs who expect stronger profits cited reduced costs as the main reason .
`` New Yorkers did n't embrace these units like they could have , '' said Matthew Daus , chairman of the commission .
The NLC advised motorists to stay at home and petrol stations to shut down during the strike .
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates at the bar association 's annual meeting here .
Reacting to Thompson 's attack , Ed Skyler , a spokesman for Bloomberg , said the controller 's statements , `` while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts . ''
New chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one priority for David Jones as part of the review process .
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September , the company said .
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros .
Announcing the selection , Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer `` find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer . ''
Today 's barrage could have been a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of intensified attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad 's 14 identified guerrilla cells .
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years .
The Coast Guard airlifted the survivors to Bartlett Regional Hospital , Wetherell said .
`` For one thing , it says , 'Come on , it 's working , ' `` said Don Marti , editor in chief of the Linux Journal .
Google 's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital , the paper noted .
Since then , Acacia had only had supervised visits with her grandmother , she said .
`` For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs , there 's no reason Wal-Mart ca n't get computers , '' said Steve Baker , an analyst with NPD Group .
A new study , conducted in Europe , found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study , sponsored by ImClone Systems , said it did .
`` I had never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole court process and the media coverage that has surrounded the case .
The US will take on Canada in the third-place play-off in Carson on Saturday .
The industry groups non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 during the month , up from Marchs reading of 47.9 .
The nation , Bush said , `` will not stand by and wait for another attack , or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men . ''
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > advanced 11 points , or 1.25 percent , to 931 .
Another recent study shows that about 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and an additional 5 million adults have it but do not know it .
A weak cold front could bring thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan .
`` I feel that my supervision was inadequate , '' Minister of Health Twu Shiing-jer told parliament after he tendered his resignation to the island 's premier .
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California , San Francisco , is the latest in a decade-long effort .
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $ 17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse .
`` Arifin has disclosed to the ISD that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand , '' the government said .
Nottingham found speech is treated unequally because the list applies to calls from businesses but not charities .
Some opposition leaders said they would reserve comment until mourning was over , but others called for the immediate withdrawal of troops .
The consumer group generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from January to June , 53 % of Citigroup 's profit and revenue .
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back .
`` If you have more turnovers , if you 're at the bottom of the league in turnover ratio [ Washington was 29th ] , your chances are n't good .
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , Melbourne researchers believe .
ALBANY , N.Y. State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno announced Friday he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer .
`` The £5m would give BA a considerable return on the £5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft . ''
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant `` no '' .
The gunman , identified as Harold Kilpatrick Jr. , 26 , had left a note saying he `` wanted to kill some people and die today . ''
The new department is charged with patrolling borders , analyzing U.S. intelligence , responding to emergencies and guarding against terrorism , among other tasks .
The broadside came during the recording Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals , bishops and many elite of Italian society , witnesses said .
So in his State of the Union address in January , Bush declared that the British government `` has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . ''
Several witnesses have told the court Bashir heads JI , accused of seeking to create an Islamic state in the region .
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray .
Militias also attacked local United Nations offices and , according to a United Nations spokesman , have fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia .
When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify , some of the victims ' supporters turned their backs on him .
The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 to 85,000 by the end of 2004 , IDC said .
The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration .
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9 .
As a precaution , NASA instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm 's effects in the station 's Russian module .
The village last said sorry in 1993 , when it presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker 's boots - which cannibals had tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat .
`` I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California , '' Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans .
The vulnerability affects an interface with RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP port 135 , according to Microsoft .
Smith , 59 , is charged with fraud for allegedly filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung 's reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified materials .
Miss Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but what she did , '' Mr Comey continued .
THE compact disc could be history within five years after scientists invented a replacement the size of a fingertip .
Authorities questioned O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at the self-storage company .
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre .
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP , N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds , Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory .
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric , Sony , Hitachi , NEC , Royal Philips Electronics , Samsung , Sharp and Toshiba .
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver , who used to work for Global Crossing .
Faced with these circumstances , Halliburton `` is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia , '' Sumner wrote .
The three-story brick building has apartments on the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Café downstairs .
The teenager was in surgery at a hospital and the extent of his injuries was not available , police said .
But a senior State Department official said : `` We 'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify . ''
Mark Longabaugh , the league 's vice president for political affairs , said that Kempthorne has `` shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection . ''
Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster , as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie .
But those modest gains were n't nearly enough to offset the loss of 43,000 jobs in Santa Clara County and 18,000 jobs in the San Francisco-Peninsula-Marin area .
The stunning art robbery on Sunday was one of the biggest in Europe in recent years .
The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May .
After three months , Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group .
`` I would rather be talking about positive numbers than negative .
The Tuesday Supreme Court announcement stems from an appeal involving Michael Newdow , a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter , like most elementary schoolchildren , hears the pledge recited daily .
Immunizing mice with pneumococcusleads tothe generation of antibodies that the researchers think lead to the protection from heart disease , he said .
He said McKevitt was `` the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands '' .
The governor is going to Jackson , where 13 of the state 's 16 fatalities were reported .
The Ministry of Defence said that `` an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a British officer who was serving in Iraq '' .
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return , the witness testified .
That kept the records sealed as Limbaugh 's attorneys prepared to file an appeal .
States of emergency were declared in all four states as well as West Virginia , Delaware , New Jersey and Washington DC .
At midnight on Wednesday , 68 percent of voters said `` no '' to the tax , with 97 percent of the votes counted .
PwC itself paid $ 5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules .
The addition of the house shooting expands the investigation area east by two miles , with the police now examining a seven-mile section of the freeway .
Remaining shares will be held by QVC 's management .
The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick .
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in San Jose , and authorities said they expected him back in New Hampshire on Tuesday .
`` I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , '' said Silver .
The deal , approved by both companies ' board of directors , is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia 's fiscal third quarter .
Last week the power station ’ s US owners , AES Corp , walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer .
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as `` Thank You ! , '' `` Re : Details '' or `` Re : That Movie . ''
